---
ticker: RKLB
source_type: 10k_excerpt
fiscal_year: FY2025
filing_date: 2026-02-26
source_url: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1819994/000181999426000013/rklb-20251231.htm
sections: Item 1 (Business), Item 1A (Risk Factors excerpt), Item 7 (MD&A excerpt)
---

# Rocket Lab Corp 10-K FY2025 (excerpt)

Item 1. Business

Who We Are

Our Mission: We Open Access to Space to Improve Life on Earth.

Rocket Lab is an end-to-end space company with an established track record of mission success. We deliver reliable launch services, spacecraft design services, spacecraft components, spacecraft manufacturing, optical systems and other spacecraft and on-orbit management solutions that make it faster, easier and more affordable to access space. We believe that space has defined some of humanity’s greatest achievements and it continues to shape our future. We are motivated by the impact we can have on Earth by making it easier to get to space and using it as a platform for innovation, exploration and infrastructure.

As one of select few commercial companies delivering regular access to orbit, our proven launch vehicle, spacecraft technology and global infrastructure uniquely position us to grow in this dynamic market. Advances in technologies, materials and components have led to miniaturization of spacecraft and a significant reduction in cost and time-to-market, concurrent with the increase in demand for space applications such as communications, remote sensing, Earth observation, meteorology and navigation. We provide customers with frequent, reliable and cost-effective access to orbit with Electron, a fully carbon composite launch vehicle powered by Rutherford, our electric turbopump 3D printed engines. Since our first Electron launch in 2017 through December 31, 2025, we have delivered over 200 spacecraft to orbit across 75 successful missions for commercial and government customers, including the United States (“U.S.”) Department of War (“DoW”), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (“NASA”), the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (“DARPA”), the National Reconnaissance Office (“NRO”), and a number of domestic and international commercial spacecraft operators including Blacksky Holdings, Canon, Kinéis, Capella Space, Planet, OHB Group and Synspective. In 2025, Electron was the second most frequently launched orbital rocket.

Rocket Lab’s frequent launch cadence has been enabled through innovative manufacturing techniques for Electron, including 3D printing and automation, but production is only part of the formula for frequent and reliable launch. We believe our launch infrastructure is a key part of our success. We currently operate a private launch complex located in Mahia, New Zealand, which we refer to as Launch Complex 1 (“LC-1”). This launch complex is supported by a bi-lateral treaty between the United States and New Zealand governments that enables us to use U.S. launch and spacecraft technology for launches at LC-1 that otherwise would not be permitted for launches from foreign soil. This treaty provides us with a competitive advantage over other companies launching rockets from outside the U.S. that do not have the benefit of such a treaty. Additionally, by operating our own private launch complex, we do not have to share the launch complex with other launch providers and, subject to obtaining required regulatory clearances for launches, we have complete control over launch schedule and availability. LC-1 serves as our high-volume launch complex, with two launch pads capable of supporting up to 120 missions every year. We also operate a dedicated launch pad at NASA’s Wallops Flight Facility, at Wallops Island, Virginia, which we refer to as Launch Complex 2 (“LC-2”). LC-2 can support 24-hour rapid call-up capability for defense needs and urgent constellation replenishment and is currently licensed to launch 8 missions per year. We are currently constructing a dedicated launch pad located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport within the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Wallops Island, Virginia as a third launch complex, which we refer to as Launch Complex 3 (“LC-3”). LC-3 is being developed to receive and integrate Neutron launch vehicles.

Building on our strong foundation with Electron, we are now developing our Neutron launch vehicle. We anticipate Neutron will have a payload capacity of approximately 13,000 kg for reusable configuration launches to low Earth orbit and support lighter payloads for higher orbits. Neutron is tailored for large constellation deployments, interplanetary missions and potentially for human spaceflight. We expect constellation missions to make up an increasing percentage of small spacecraft launched, versus bespoke or one-off missions. As such, Neutron will be an important part of our end-to-end space solution as it is tailored to meet demand from this growing market.

Consistent with our endeavor to provide end-to-end space solutions for our customers, Rocket Lab has expanded beyond launch services into space systems, delivering spacecraft design services, spacecraft components, spacecraft manufacturing, optical systems and other spacecraft and on-orbit management solutions that make it faster, easier and more affordable to access space. Our space systems business utilizes our launch services, merchant spacecraft components, spacecraft design services, our family of spacecraft products, partnerships with global ground network service providers, as well as our own ground station network, and on-orbit constellation management capabilities to provide customers complete solutions that encompass design, build, launch and on-orbit operations.

4

Table of Contents

Our Competitive Strengths

•Flight Heritage – First Mover Advantage: Electron is the first small launch vehicle to establish frequent and reliable access to space with 75 successful missions and over 200 spacecraft deployed through December 31, 2025, and 77 successful missions as of February 26, 2026. Successfully reaching orbit repeatedly and delivering mission success across more than eight years of launches demonstrates Electron as a mature launch vehicle, and showcases Rocket Lab’s sophisticated team and robust manufacturing infrastructure and processes. We believe this gives us a significant competitive advantage over new and less-established market entrants to secure Rocket Lab both higher volume and market share and increasingly higher-value missions.

•Unique Technologies: We have innovated around key launch vehicle and spacecraft features and capabilities, including:

◦Carbon composite tanks and structures, delivering substantial mass-savings while maintaining high structural integrity; 

◦An electric, turbo-pump-fed rocket engine that delivers high-performance while removing the complexity associated with traditional gas generator cycle engines;

◦We believe we were the first company to 3D print an orbital rocket engine, and as of December 31, 2025, have flight heritage with over 800 engines launched to space. We leverage our unique 3D printing capabilities beyond engines to enable ultra-rapid design and testing of new flight hardware and dramatically shorten our time-to-market; and

◦A unique kick stage that delivers spacecraft to precise and individual orbits increasing deployment flexibility and cost effectiveness for our customers. The kick stage can also be utilized as a fully-featured spacecraft, enabling hosted payload opportunities for our customers and for our own constellation applications.

•Deep Vertical Integration: We have vertically integrated design and manufacturing capabilities and developed world-class engineering and manufacturing teams across the United States, New Zealand and Canada. This allows us to manage and control almost every aspect of design, manufacturing and launch operations, enabling rapid prototyping and streamlined production to deliver products and solutions to orbit faster.

•Integrated Design and Test Capabilities: We own or lease our own propulsion test infrastructure, allowing us the capacity and flexibility to accelerate time-to-market while ensuring quality and a high rate of mission success.

•Multiple Launch Complexes: Rocket Lab operates two launch pads at its private orbital launch complex, LC-1, in Mahia, New Zealand. This launch complex can support up to 120 launches every year. By operating our own private launch complex, we have eliminated the availability issues commonly faced by other launch providers competing for a limited number of slots at shared launch complexes that they do not control. Rocket Lab also has access to two launch pads at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport within NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Wallops Island, Virginia: LC-2, which is operational, and LC-3, which is expected to be in service in 2026.

•A complete end-to-end space solution: Providing services and data from space has traditionally meant relying on multiple suppliers and mission partners. By providing launch services, spacecraft design and manufacturing services, including the vertically integrated supply of key spacecraft components, and on-orbit constellation management services, Rocket Lab provides strategic access to space. 

Customers

Launch Services. As of December 31, 2025, we have launched and deployed over 200 spacecraft for our customers, which includes government customers, such as the United States Department of War (“DoW”), NASA and other U.S. government agencies. We also provide launch services to major domestic and international commercial and government spacecraft operators. Our launch services have been used by more than 20 organizations. 

Space Systems. As of December 31, 2025, we have flight hardware on over 1,800 missions, including legacy missions enabled by Sinclair Interplanetary (acquired April 2020), Advanced Solutions, Incorporated (acquired October 2021), Planetary Systems Corporation (acquired November 2021), SolAero Technologies Corp. (acquired January 2022) and GEOST LLC (“GEOST”) (acquired August 2025). Our space systems have been used by a diverse mix of commercial, aerospace prime contractors and government customers.

5

Table of Contents

Our Growth Strategy

•Leverage our market position as the U.S.’ first commercially operational, dedicated small, orbital launch provider with NASA Category 1 certification, 75 successful launches and over 200 spacecraft deployed as of December 31, 2025 to win increasing numbers of launch services contracts, be entrusted with higher value payloads, and drive an increasing average selling price of our launch services.

•Continue to expand into new launch service verticals, such as Hypersonic Accelerator Suborbital Test Electron (HASTE).

•Expand our addressable launch market with the development of the medium-lift Neutron launch vehicle, where the additional lift capacity will enable significantly higher revenue per launch.

•Apply manufacturing scaling and cost-reduction strategies to the production of our launch vehicles, spacecraft components and subsystems, and satellites to capture large constellation opportunities and increasing market share.

•Expand our portfolio of spacecraft components by commercializing solutions developed for our launch vehicles and various spacecraft product lines, including avionics subsystems, radios and batteries.

•Leverage our proven spacecraft product lines to provide streamlined hosted payload and technology demonstration capabilities in low Earth orbit to commercial and government customers without the need for customers to procure separately designed and built third-party spacecraft buses.

•Build upon ongoing interplanetary spacecraft development efforts, as well as our announced Neutron launch vehicle development, to expand our addressable market for interplanetary scientific and commercial missions.

•Leverage our cost and frequency advantaged “access to space,” enabled by our established launch assets and proven capabilities, to further penetrate the available market for on-orbit constellation management and ultimately address the space applications market, representing the largest addressable market in the space economy.

Product & Services Overview

We design and manufacture small and medium-class rockets, spacecraft, spacecraft components, and flight and ground software to support the space economy. Our launch services are used to place spacecraft into Earth orbit, and escape trajectories. Our space systems are the building blocks for spacecraft, which includes composite structures, reaction wheels, star trackers, solar power solutions, radios, separation systems, command and control spacecraft software and optical systems. Our family of spacecraft product lines is configurable for a range of low Earth orbit, medium Earth orbit, geosynchronous orbit and interplanetary missions.

•Launch Services: We currently provide reliable and responsive launch services into low earth orbit on Electron for spacecraft up to 300 kg. We are also currently developing Neutron, a medium-lift launch vehicle, which we expect will provide efficient constellation launch services for payloads up to 13,000 kg for reusable configuration launches to low Earth orbit and support lighter payloads for higher orbits. Our operational launch facilities can support Electron and HASTE for up to 120 launch opportunities every year from LC-1, which is our private launch complex in Mahia, New Zealand, and up to 8 launch opportunities every year from LC-2 at NASA’s Wallops Flight Facility, at Wallops Island, Virginia.

•Space Systems: We provide spacecraft solutions for government and commercial customers ranging from selling individual spacecraft components for use by customers in constructing their own spacecraft to complete spacecraft design, manufacture and on-orbit operations. With our end-to-end space systems, customers can procure launch services, spacecraft, ground services and on-orbit management from one source, significantly streamlining their access to space. 

6

Table of Contents

Launch Services

We design, manufacture and launch orbital and suborbital rockets to deploy payloads across a range of government and commercial missions from low Earth orbit to interplanetary destinations.

Electron is our orbital small launch vehicle that was designed to accommodate a high launch cadence business model to meet the growing and dynamic needs of our customers for small spacecraft launch services. Combining the use of innovative manufacturing technologies, including 3D printing and automation, Electron is optimized for rapid and frequent launch and has established itself as one of the most prolific and reliable orbital launch vehicles in the market. Since its maiden launch in 2017, Electron has become the leading small spacecraft launch vehicle, delivering over 200 spacecraft to orbit for government and commercial customers across 75 successful missions through December 31, 2025. In 2025, Electron was the second most frequently launched orbital rocket. Our launch services program has seen us develop many industry-leading innovations, including 3D printed electric turbo-pump rocket engines, fully carbon composite fuel tanks, a private orbital launch complex, a kick stage that can be configured to convert into a highly capable spacecraft on orbit.

Electron provides tailored access to orbit for the high-growth small spacecraft market across dedicated and rideshare missions. It is capable of deploying spacecraft of up to 300 kg to low Earth orbit across a wide range of orbital inclinations from 38 to 120 degrees from our operational LC-1 in Mahia New Zealand and a wide range of orbital inclinations from 38 to 60 degrees from our operational LC-2 in Wallops Island, Virginia. Electron is also capable of delivering spacecraft to deep space and interplanetary destinations, a capability which we successfully demonstrated with the launch of a NASA mission to the Moon in support of the agency’s Artemis program, Cislunar Autonomous Positioning System Technology Operations and Navigation Experiment (CAPSTONE). Electron has two primary stages and an innovative third kick stage, standing at 18 meters tall, with a diameter of 1.2 meters and a lift-off mass of approximately 14,000 kg, Electron’s design includes innovative use of avionics, electrical systems, and advanced carbon-composites for its structures and propellant tanks. Carbon-composite construction decreases mass by as much as 40 percent relative to other materials, contributing to Electron’s mass-to-orbit performance. Our in-house assembly of Electron’s composite tanks and structures improves cost efficiency and supports high rates of production. Electron’s kick stage enables the spacecraft to be placed in circular orbits, which is necessary to maintain consistent altitude, and is capable of engine restarts to deliver multiple payloads to a range of orbits, meeting precise orbit insertion requirements and deorbiting to avoid contributing to orbital debris.

Electron is propelled by a total of ten Rutherford engines that we manufacture at our headquarters in Long Beach, California. The Rutherford engine is a 5,600-lbf engine fueled by liquid oxygen and kerosene fed by electric turbo-pumps and is based on a propulsion cycle that makes use of electric motors and high-performance lithium polymer batteries to drive fuel pumps. Electric turbo-pumps are lower complexity than the turbomachinery typically required for gas generator cycles, yet still achieve high efficiency. We believe our Rutherford engine is the first oxygen/hydrocarbon engine to use additive manufacturing for all primary components, including the regeneratively cooled thrust chamber, injector pumps and main valves.

HASTE is a suborbital testbed launch vehicle derived from Rocket Lab’s heritage Electron rocket. HASTE provides reliable, high-cadence flight test opportunities needed to advance hypersonic and suborbital system technology development.

Electron is currently launched from our private launch complex in Mahia, New Zealand and our launch complex at NASA’s Wallops Flight Facility, at Wallops Island, Virginia. As of December 31, 2025, Electron had successfully launched 75 times and deployed over 200 spacecraft to orbit. 

In March 2021, we announced plans to develop our reusable-ready medium-capacity Neutron launch vehicle that will increase the payload capacity of our space launch vehicles to approximately 13,000 kg for reusable configuration launches to low Earth orbit and support lighter payloads for higher orbits. Neutron will be tailored for commercial and U.S. government constellation launches and ultimately configurable for and capable of human space flight, enabling us to provide crew and cargo resupply to space stations. Neutron will also provide a dedicated service to orbit for larger civil, defense and commercial payloads that need a high level of schedule control and high-flight cadence. We expect to be able to leverage Electron’s flight heritage across various vehicle subsystems designs, launch complexes and ground station infrastructure. 

The medium-lift Neutron will be a two-stage launch vehicle that stands 43 meters tall with a 5.5-meter diameter fairings. Neutron will feature a reusable first stage designed to return to launch site as well as land on an ocean platform, enabling flexibility of use, higher launch cadence, and decreased launch costs for customers. Neutron launches are planned to take place from LC-3 at Virginia’s Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport located at the NASA Wallops Flight Facility, which is currently under construction. 

7

Table of Contents

Space Systems

We provide components and services to the space economy, including spacecraft components, design services, and spacecraft-as-a-service from low Earth orbit to deep space and interplanetary missions. We entered this market with our acquisition of leading spacecraft components manufacturer Sinclair Interplanetary and have since expanded our market participation with the acquisitions of Advanced Solutions, Incorporated, Planetary Systems Corporation, SolAero Technologies Corp. and GEOST. Our space systems initiatives are supported by the design and manufacture of our family of spacecraft product lines, along with a range of merchant market components, software and services for spacecraft, including composite structures, reaction wheels, star trackers, radios, separation systems, solar power solutions, command and control software, high voltage space-grade batteries, optical systems, and additional products in development. Each of these strategic acquisitions brought incremental vertically-integrated capabilities for our own family of spacecraft and also enabled Rocket Lab to deliver high-volume manufacturing of critical spacecraft components and software solutions at scale prices to the broader merchant market.

Our family of spacecraft is configurable for a range of low Earth orbit, medium Earth orbit, geosynchronous orbit, and interplanetary missions. Our versatile platforms can be configured to meet a broad range of customers’ requirements. Photon can be configured to operate as the upper stage of Electron (the kick stage) during launch, then with a simple command, transition into an operational spacecraft on orbit, eliminating the parasitic mass of deployed spacecraft and enabling full use of the fairing volume for payloads. Photon can also fly on other launch vehicles, such as our in-development Neutron launch vehicle, third-party launchers, and as a secondary payload on rockets developed under the National Security Space Launch program of the U.S. Space Force. Our family of spacecraft enables us to offer an end-to-end mission solution encompassing launch, full spacecraft manufacturing, ground services and mission operations to provide customers with streamlined access to orbit with Rocket Lab as a single mission partner.

Our family of spacecraft can also be used to conduct space-related scientific research, collect imagery and other remote-sensing data about the Earth, carry out lunar and other deep space planetary missions, and to demonstrate new space technologies. Our spacecraft can also be used in combination with Electron to deploy in different orbital locations and complete constellations in a single mission. Our spacecraft are intended for commercial, defense and civil government customers, including the DoW, NASA, other U.S. government agencies, and governments worldwide. Our first Photon spacecraft was successfully launched and placed into service in August 2020 and a second operational Photon was successfully launched in March 2021. Photon was selected by NASA in 2021 for the CAPSTONE mission, a pathfinder for the lunar Gateway initiative of the Artemis program, which involves a mini-space station NASA intends to use as a staging point for crewed lunar landings. The CAPSTONE spacecraft was deployed on its ballistic lunar transfer trajectory to the Moon in July 2022 and in November 2022 was inserted into it near rectilinear halo orbit as planned. In November 2025, our twin spacecraft, Blue and Gold, were put into orbit as part of NASA’s Escape and Plasma Acceleration and Dynamics Explorers (ESCAPADE) mission. 

Rocket Lab’s space systems business also designs and manufactures a range of spacecraft components, including composite structures, reaction wheels, star trackers, radios, separation systems, solar power solutions, command and control software, high voltage space-grade batteries, optical systems, and other products in development to serve a wide variety of missions. 

Solar power solutions include a suite of vertically-integrated space solar cell, Coverglass Interconnected Cells (“CICs”) and solar array products, each specifically designed for missions to low Earth orbit, medium Earth orbit, geosynchronous orbit or interplanetary applications. Rocket Lab’s space solar cells, CICs and panels are among the highest performing in the world and support civil space exploration, science, defense and intelligence, and commercial markets. 

Reaction wheels are motor-driven flywheels used to store angular momentum on spacecraft. Many spacecraft use three or four reaction wheels to provide agile, 3-axis pointing control. Some configurations use a single wheel, called a “momentum wheel,” for stable Earth-pointing control. All Rocket Lab reaction wheels incorporate an onboard digital processor with speed and torque control loops. Wheels are sized by their maximum angular momentum measured in Newton-meters (“Nm”). We make a large number of different wheel sizes, ranging from 3 mNms to 12 Nms. Bigger spacecraft require bigger and more costly wheels, with determination of the correct size of wheel for a particular spacecraft requiring detailed engineering analysis. 

Star trackers are optical sensors that determine a spacecraft’s pointing direction and rotation rate by looking at the stars. Our star trackers are fully integrated units, incorporating the lens, detector, processor, and all of the power supply and support circuits. A catalog of more than two million possible star triangles is loaded into the device before launch, allowing the processor to determine the spacecraft’s pointing from any single image.

Power systems include both the high-capacity, high-voltage batteries used to power the electric turbo-pumps in the Rutherford rocket engine used by Electron and other batteries used for small spacecraft. 

8

Table of Contents

Separation systems, including motorized lightband and canisterized spacecraft dispensers (“CSD”), are used to separate spacecraft from launch vehicles in orbit. The motorized lightband is a ringed system with sizes from 8-inches in diameter up to 39-inches in diameter. Lightbands deploy spacecraft via motors and a mechanical linkage. The CSD is a reliable and cost-effective housing that protects spacecraft during launch and deploys them into space. Fully encapsulated, the CSD minimizes damage risk and eliminates the necessity for heavy or complicated interface structures between the spacecraft and launch vehicle platform. 

Flight and Ground Software Services enable customer’s mission, providing total spacecraft command, guidance, navigation, control, ground station interface, and ground data system solutions.

Our Optical Systems business develops and builds advanced electro-optical and infrared (“EO/IR”) sensor payloads for national security space missions. Specializing in space domain awareness, missile tracking, and tactical intelligence, we provide high-performance, affordable, and compact hardware for military satellites and ground-based surveillance systems. Our optical systems are used for space domain awareness to track and monitor space objects of interest, for missile warning, tracking and defense, and for space protection to identify potential threats to satellites and other space assets.

Spacecraft Engineering and Design Services and On-Orbit Constellation Management Services

Our space systems engineering team works with customers to develop, design and manufacture full spacecraft solutions from low Earth orbit to interplanetary spacecraft. We also offer constellation management services where we perform command and control operations and leverage our ground station infrastructure and partnerships to deliver data to spacecraft constellation operators.

Sales, Business Development and Mission Management

We sell our launch services and space systems through a unified global business development team that cross-sells launch and space systems and leverages shared technical, proposal writing, mission project management and administrative resources. This team is based primarily in the United States and focuses on government customers, such as the DoW, NASA, and other U.S. government agencies, as well as major domestic and international commercial spacecraft operators and spacecraft manufacturers. The business development team works closely with our engineering teams to develop optimal solutions for our customers. Given the well-defined and consolidated nature of our customer base, we are able to adequately address our market with a lean and focused team. 

Many of our business development team members have previously worked for government agencies and large institutional space and technology companies. They have in-depth knowledge and understanding of the industry and can draw on a vast network of contacts to support business development. With 75 successful missions and over 200 spacecraft deployed through December 31, 2025, and a growing number of Rocket Lab spacecraft components operating on orbit, our team has a high-level of insight into customer requirements and evolving industry trends, putting us in a strong position to ensure our products and services meet customer needs.

Marketing

We utilize strategic marketing to accelerate sales opportunities and build brand awareness. Rocket Lab has established a strong brand through various activities, including:

•conferences and industry events at which we participate, sponsor, exhibit and speak;

•press releases and media engagement;

•social media postings;

•merchandising;

•cooperative marketing efforts with customers; and

•communicating our differentiated selling points and product features through marketing collateral such as our website, payload user guides, product data sheets, presentations, and high-quality launch webcasts and videos.

To date, conferences and industry events and direct outreach have been the primary drivers of our sales leads and have helped us achieve sales with relatively low marketing costs.

9

Table of Contents

Engineering

We have made significant investments in our engineering teams. Our team members have a broad range of expertise from a range of industries including; aerospace, automotive, and marine, and broader manufacturing and technology. Rocket Lab’s high level of vertical integration means that these engineering teams design and provide manufacturing support for components, sub-systems, and assemblies across the full range of our launch vehicles, and spacecraft family. They support the full product lifecycle from new product innovation to sustaining engineering, including payload lift capacity increases and other performance improvements, to new product features such as booster reusability and cost reduction initiatives.

Our engineering teams across New Zealand, the United States and Canada address all key areas of launch vehicle build, payload integration, launch operations, ground segment communications, on-orbit spacecraft operations and spacecraft component design and manufacturing. Key areas of technical focus include composite structures, additive manufacturing, machining, avionics and power systems, propulsion assembly and test, spacecraft system design assembly and test, solar cell foundry through solar array design and manufacturing, printed circuit-board design, optical systems and integration, guidance and navigation, attitude direction and command and control, amongst other engineering focus areas.

These teams are supported by centralized planning and program management functions that guide significant projects across Rocket Lab for consistency and visibility. We leverage sophisticated product lifecycle management software tools, computer-aided design systems and business processes to drive efficiency and better manage the entire product lifecycle, including designing, sourcing and building the products that enable our launch services and end-product deliveries.

Supply Chain

We are highly vertically integrated, in that we design and manufacture many components and subsystems for our launch vehicles and family of spacecraft. In addition, we sell many spacecraft components into the merchant market. To support this level of vertical integration we have developed extensive supply chain operations and capabilities that are global in nature and enabled by sophisticated third-party enterprise resource planning systems and tools. These systems and tools are largely supported by an in-house team of enterprise information systems personnel.

We obtain raw materials, components, sub-systems and capital equipment, and other supplies from suppliers that we believe to be reputable and reliable. We have established and follow internal quality control processes to source suppliers, considering engineering validation, quality, cost, delivery and lead-time. We have a quality management team that is responsible for managing and ensuring that supplied components meet quality standards. While we largely source raw materials and other inputs and services from multiple sources, in some cases we also purchase various inputs and services from a sole source. Although we endeavor to diversify our supply chain, in those sole source supplier situations we manage this sole source risk through carrying increased buffer stock, particularly on long-lead items.

Manufacturing, Assembly and Launch Operations

Rocket Lab conducts global operations in support of its research and development, manufacturing, assembly and launch functions. We have our rocket propulsion and avionics manufacturing facilities in Long Beach, California, composite manufacturing, high-voltage battery systems, launch vehicle integration and propulsion testing in Auckland, New Zealand, space solar cell through solar array production in Albuquerque, New Mexico, optical systems in Tucson, Arizona and launch complexes in Mahia, New Zealand and Wallops Island, Virginia. We strive to instill a manufacturing culture of continuous improvement and leverage best practices in quality control and worker safety across our facilities. We have achieved Category-1 certification by the NASA Launch Services Program. We possess differentiated, in-house rapid prototyping capabilities to support both research and development initiatives and to accelerate time-to-market benefits for critical production ramps. These capabilities include computer numerically controlled machining stations, balancing machines and 3D printers and related expertise.

10

Table of Contents

Long Beach Corporate Headquarters and Manufacturing Facility and Engine Development Center

From our Long Beach, California facilities, which consists of three buildings, in addition to manufacturing, we manage corporate administrative functions, sales and business development, launch services mission management, and conduct a range of research and development activities. Our lease for our corporate headquarters location expires on June 30, 2027, and we have the option to extend the term of the lease for up to two additional periods of five years each thereafter. The Engine Development Center lease expires on November 30, 2030 and has an option to extend the term for five years. 

Our Rutherford engine and avionics production activities are conducted out of our Long Beach facilities, as is the case for Neutron’s Archimedes engine and avionics design and production activities. We designed our manufacturing technology and processes to operate and scale efficiently as we grow and expand our business. Our proprietary manufacturing processes, which include specialized automated equipment, is comprised of three primary steps; (i) additive manufacturing, (ii) machining and (iii) assembly of complete engines and avionics subsystems. Our Long Beach facilities are also home to spacecraft satellite design and production activities, in addition to a Mission Operations Center from which our team conducts on-orbit operation of our family of spacecraft. 

Auckland, New Zealand R&D and Production Complexes

From this location we conduct research and development, design and manufacturing of launch vehicles, perform remote launch activities and design and manufacture a range of components and subsystems for our internal and merchant spacecraft demands. We conduct these operations at four adjacent leased buildings comprising an approximately 200,000 square foot complex in Auckland, New Zealand (the “Auckland complex”). Manufacturing related activities at the Auckland complex include the manufacture, assembly, and testing of high-voltage battery systems that power the Rutherford engines for Electron, the manufacturing and assembly of composite tanks, fairings, and other launch vehicle structures, electrical harnesses, complete kick stages, and final vehicle integration. Research and development activities include those related to launch vehicles, launch operations and a broad range of space systems initiatives. Our primary lease for this complex expires on April 30, 2028.

Auckland, New Zealand Propulsion Test Site

We currently operate a propulsion test complex approximately 45 km outside of Auckland where we test our rocket engines and related subsystems. Our propulsion test complex features multiple custom-built vertical test stands for liquid propulsion, composite tank, component and static stage fires. Operating our own private test complex means we avoid the delays and schedule conflicts that are common at shared test facilities. We lease the property where our test site is located. The current term of the lease for our test complex expires on November 15, 2029, but we have the right to renew this lease agreement for several additional terms of approximately five years each, which would allow us to continue to use this test complex through at least 2054.

Mahia, New Zealand Launch Complex 1

We operate a private orbital launch complex, our Launch Complex 1, in Mahia, New Zealand. We lease the property where Launch Complex 1 is located. The current term of this lease expires on November 30, 2027, but we have the right to renew our lease agreement for three additional terms of three years each, which would allow us to continuing using this launch complex through at least 2036.

This launch complex is capable of supporting up to 120 launches per year. Rocket Lab operates two active launch pads at LC-1: Pad A and Pad B. The operation of two launch pads within the launch complex eliminates the time required between launches for a full pad recycle, enabling responsive launch opportunities for our customers. The site features a vehicle processing facility that can house two Electron launch vehicles at any one time to support parallel launch campaigns. LC-1 is home to two identical, state-of-the-art payload processing facilities that include ISO 8 cleanrooms, dedicated electrical control rooms and comfortable customer lounge-style offices.

Wallops Island, Virginia Launch Complex 2

Rocket Lab has access to a dedicated launch pad located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport within the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Wallops Island, Virginia as a second launch complex, which we call LC-2. Our current agreement provides us with rights to access the facilities, launch property and services at this launch complex expires on September 28, 2028.

11

Table of Contents

LC-2 represents a new responsive launch capability within the United States. The complex was designed to support both commercial and U.S. government launch services and is licensed to support 8 missions per year. The site can support launches to inclinations between 38 and 60 degrees. In addition to the dedicated launch pad for Electron, Rocket Lab also operates an Integration and Control Facility within the Wallops Research Park. This facility is dedicated to secure vehicle and payload processing facilities. The facility can process several Electron launch vehicles and customer payloads concurrently, enabling rapid and responsive launch opportunities and parallel launch campaigns. We have built out all of the physical infrastructure that we need in order to use this launch complex and on January 24, 2023, we successfully launched our first Electron from NASA Wallops Flight Facility. 

Wallops Island, Virginia Launch Complex 3

Rocket Lab has access to a dedicated launch pad located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport within the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Wallops Island, Virginia as a third launch complex, which we call LC-3. Our current agreement provides us with rights to access the facilities, launch property and services at this launch complex expires on February 15, 2034.

LC-3 will represent a new responsive launch capability within the United States. The complex is designed to support both commercial and U.S. government launch services and is licensed to support 2 missions per year, with the potential for an increased number of missions pending ongoing assessments. In addition to the dedicated launch pad for Neutron, Rocket Lab will have access to the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Payload Processing Facility (PPF). This facility is dedicated to secure vehicle and payload processing facilities. We are currently building out all of the physical infrastructure that we need in order to use this launch complex.

Albuquerque, New Mexico Solar Cell Production Facility

Our solar cell through solar array production activities are conducted at our Albuquerque, New Mexico facility. From this location we research, develop, design and manufacture solar power solutions in an approximately 160,000 square foot production, research and development complex. We have a ground lease for one building that expires on September 18, 2050 and a lease on the second building that expires on May 31, 2042. 

Tucson, Arizona Optical Systems Facility

Our optical systems business is based out of our Tucson, Arizona facilities. At these facilities we research, develop, design and manufacture advanced EO/IR sensor payloads. We have various leases that expire between 2028 and 2032.

Competition

We believe our main sources of competition fall into 4 categories:

•companies providing dedicated and rideshare launch vehicles to deliver payloads to generic and custom planes/inclinations and altitude trajectories, such as Northrop Grumman, SpaceX, United Launch Alliance (a joint venture between Lockheed Martin Corporation and The Boeing Company), Firefly, Blue Origin, and established Russian, Indian, Chinese, European and Japanese launch providers;

•companies that are reported to have plans to provide launch vehicles that can deliver payloads to a range of planes/inclinations and altitude trajectories;

•companies providing spacecraft solutions, such as Airbus, Lockheed, Boeing, General Atomics, General Dynamics, Maxar Technology, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon Technologies, Thales Alenia Space, Astro Digital, York Space Systems and L3Harris; and

•companies providing spacecraft components in the commercial marketplace, such as Ball Aerospace, Raytheon, Collins Aerospace, Bradford Space, Honeywell Aerospace, GOMSpace, Redwire and Beyond Gravity.

The principal competitive factors in our market include:

•flight heritage and reliability;

•delivery schedule;

•ability to customize products to meet specific needs of the customer;

•performance and technical features;

•price; and

•customer experience.

We believe that we compete favorably across these factors.

12

Table of Contents

Intellectual Property

The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an aspect of our business. We use a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality procedures, contractual commitments and other legal rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements and invention or work product assignment agreements with our employees and consultants to control access to, and clarify ownership of, our proprietary information.

Human Capital

As of December 31, 2025, we had over 2,600 full-time permanent employees worldwide. We believe that our strong culture of collaboration and innovation, combined with our close connection to employees, are key drivers of our market differentiation and business success. Additionally, our employees are not subject to collective bargaining agreements. 

Culture

At Rocket Lab, we pride ourselves on fostering a culture of innovation, grit, and collaboration where we celebrate our collective achievements. This dynamic spirit is showcased during our various workforce events, including milestone celebrations, launch viewing gatherings, community engagement opportunities, collaborations with local and regional organizations promoting aerospace and STEM education, holiday celebrations and even our annual Rocket Challenge and employee awards ceremony. During the Rocket Challenge, teams come together globally across our sites and disciplines, putting aside their regular tasks to design and launch the most impressive small rockets. This event highlights quick thinking, innovative craftsmanship, and strong team camaraderie. The event concludes with a special awards ceremony where we honor the winners of our annual staff awards recognizing their exceptional contributions. This spirit of competition is particularly strong among employees with the technical skills and experience essential to our business. We believe that fostering this culture of collaboration, competition, and celebration significantly enhances our ability to attract, retain, and engage our team. It keeps our employees motivated and deeply involved in the meaningful work that furthers our mission. 

Safety

Rocket Lab has robust health and safety policies, systems, and processes across the business to enable a safe working environment. Supported by the executive leadership team, Rocket Lab employees are empowered to make decisions and take steps to identify and correct hazards to ensure they maintain a safe and healthy workplace for themselves, colleagues and our business. 

Operational Excellence 

At Rocket Lab, we prioritize operational excellence and efficiency as key drivers for our success. By leveraging the experiences, knowledge, and cultures of our team members, we generate innovative solutions and maintain high performance levels across all areas of our organization. 

We emphasize the importance of teamwork and valuing each individual's contributions towards streamlined operations. We are dedicated to fostering an environment where all team members feel respected and can perform at their best, aligned with our goals to optimize team functionality and productivity. 

Talent

Our Rocket Lab team members are incredibly talented, and we are dedicated first and foremost to fostering and growing talent from within. Rocket Lab offers training opportunities across the company, including internal and external resources and courses tailored to developing our talent pipeline. We also offer an internship program with a focus on skill enhancement and practical experience that prepares a new generation of talent to join Rocket Lab. We partner closely with schools and universities both locally and nationally including hosting hiring events and info sessions to grow our internship cohort and broader employee population. Additionally, we have supported individuals impacted by local aerospace layoffs by hosting and attending hiring events dedicated to finding them employment.

13

Table of Contents

Governmental Regulation

Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, revenue, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. We incur or will incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are or will be applicable to our business, which include, among others, federal securities laws and regulations, applicable stock exchange requirements, export and import control, economic sanctions and trade embargo laws and restrictions and regulations of the U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”), the New Zealand Space Agency and other government agencies in the United States, Canada, and New Zealand. See “Risk Factors–Risks Relating to Our Business” for a discussion of material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, relating to governmental regulations, and see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” together with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes included therein, for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and earnings. 

The U.S. government may terminate any of our government contracts and subcontracts either at their convenience or for default based on our performance. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we generally are protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract, up to termination, and profit on those costs. If a contract is terminated for default, we generally are entitled to payment for our work that has been accepted by the U.S. government; however, the U.S. government could make claims to reduce our recovery or recoup its procurement costs and could assess other special penalties. 

Corporate Information

Our corporate headquarters are located at 3881 McGowen Street, Long Beach, California 90808, and our telephone number is (714) 465-5737. Our website is located at www.rocketlabcorp.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) will be made available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish it to, the SEC on their website located at www.sec.gov. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our reference to the URL for our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Corporate History and Background

Our predecessor entity, Rocket Lab USA, Inc., completed a merger with Vector Acquisition Corporation (“Vector”) on August 25, 2021 (the “Business Combination”), in conjunction with which Vector changed its name to Rocket Lab USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Rocket Lab USA”).

On May 8, 2025, Rocket Lab USA announced plans to implement a holding company reorganization (the “Reorganization”). On May 23, 2025, Rocket Lab USA implemented the Reorganization pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) dated as of May 23, 2025, among Rocket Lab USA, Rocket Lab and Rocket Lab Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab (“Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Rocket Lab USA, with Rocket Lab USA continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab (the “Merger”). Following the Merger, Rocket Lab became the successor issuer to Rocket Lab USA.

At the effective time of the Reorganization (“Effective Time”), (i) each share of Rocket Lab USA common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Rocket Lab USA Common Stock”), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, was automatically converted into one share of Rocket Lab Corporation common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, having the same designation, rights, powers, and preferences, and qualifications, limitations, and restrictions as a share of Rocket Lab USA Common Stock immediately prior to consummation of the Reorganization and (ii) each share of Rocket Lab USA Series A Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Rocket Lab USA Preferred Stock”), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically converted into one share of Rocket Lab Corporation Series A Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, having the same designation, rights, powers, and preferences, and qualifications, limitations, and restrictions as a share of Rocket Lab USA Preferred Stock immediately prior to consummation of the Reorganization.

14

Table of Contents

Risk Factors Summary

You should carefully read the risks described below, this Annual Report on Form 10-K and especially consider the factors discussed in the section entitled “Risk Factors.” If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to:

•We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and those growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed.

•We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to forecast our revenue, plan our expenses and evaluate our business and future prospects.

•We have a history of losses, we anticipate increasing operating expenses and capital expenditures in the future, and we may not be able to achieve and, if ever achieved, maintain profitability.

•Our future revenue and operating results are dependent on our ability to generate a sustainable order rate for our products and services and develop new technologies to meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers.

•Our business with various governmental entities is subject to the policies, priorities, regulations, mandates and funding levels of such governmental entities and may be negatively or positively impacted by any change thereto.

•We derive a substantial amount of our revenues from only a few of our customers. A loss of, or default by, one or more of these major customers, or a material adverse change in any such customer’s business or financial condition, could materially reduce our future revenues and contracted backlog.

•Disruptions in U.S. government operations and funding could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows, and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.

•We may not be successful in developing new technology, including our Neutron launch vehicle, and the technology we are successful in developing may not meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers.

•We operate in highly competitive industries and in various jurisdictions across the world which may cause us to have to reduce our prices.

•Acquisitions or divestitures could result in adverse impacts on our operations.

•Uncertain global macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

•We often rely on a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key products or services and the inability of these key vendors to meet our needs could have a material adverse effect on our business.

•Launch vehicles are subject to manufacturing delays, damage or destruction during pre-launch operations, and launch failures, the occurrence of which can materially and adversely affect our operations.

•Spacecraft are subject to manufacturing and launch delays, damage or destruction during pre-launch operations, launch failures and incorrect orbital placement, the occurrence of which can materially and adversely affect our operations.

•If our launch vehicles and spacecraft fail to operate as intended, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

•Our contracts may include performance-based payment terms that expose us to financial risks.

•Our revenue, results of operations and reputation may be negatively impacted if our products contain defects or fail to operate in the expected manner.

•Any inability to operate Electron at our anticipated launch rate could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

•Disruptions in the supply of key raw materials or components, including restrictions on our ability to obtain rare earth minerals, and difficulties in the supplier qualification process, as well as increases in prices of raw materials, could adversely impact us.

15

Table of Contents

•The expansion of our operations subjects us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results.

•Space is a harsh and unpredictable environment where our products and service offerings are exposed to a wide and unique range of environmental risks, including, among others, coronal mass ejections, solar flares and other extreme space weather events and potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft, which could adversely affect our launch vehicle and spacecraft performance.

•Increased congestion from the proliferation of low Earth orbit constellations could materially increase the risks of potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft and limit or impair our launch flexibility and/or access to our own orbital slots.

•Our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance.

•Interruption or failure of our infrastructure could hurt our ability to effectively perform our daily operations and provide and produce our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.

•Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft or tampering of intellectual property, any of which could materially adversely impact our business.

•If we cannot successfully protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer.

•Third parties may allege that our technology violates their proprietary data rights, which could have a negative impact on our operations.

•We are highly dependent on the services of Sir Peter Beck, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and if we are unable to retain Mr. Beck, our ability to compete could be harmed.

•Our inability to hire or retain key personnel could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

•Labor-related matters, including labor disputes, may adversely affect our operations.

•Given the relative contribution and materiality of our New Zealand operations, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates or future hedging activities could have a negative impact on our business.

•We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on company favorable terms, if at all, or may be available only by diluting existing stockholders or putting excessive debt leverage and insolvency risk on the business.

•Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under our debt instruments when they come due.

•We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase our convertible senior notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion, and our other then-existing indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the notes or pay cash upon their conversion.

•We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions, and the capped call may not operate as planned.

16

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors

Investing in our securities involves risks. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase any of our securities. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Unless otherwise indicated, references in these risk factors to our business being harmed will include harm to our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In such event, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Relating to Our Business

We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and those growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed.

We have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. Additionally, our organizational structure is becoming more complex as we scale our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. For example, our headcount has grown from approximately 1,400 employees as of December 2022 to over 2,600 employees as of December 31, 2025, and we have expanded across multiple areas of our business.

To manage growth in our operations, we will need to continue to grow and improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. Our expansion has placed, and our expected future growth will continue to place, a significant strain on our management, sales and marketing, administrative, financial, research and development, and other resources. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth, such failure could negatively affect our reputation and harm our ability to attract new customers and to grow our business.

Our revenue was $601.8 million, $436.2 million and $244.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In future periods, we may not be able to generate or sustain revenue growth. We believe our success and revenue growth depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to:

•successfully develop our Neutron launch vehicle;

•scale our revenue and achieve the operating efficiencies necessary to achieve and maintain profitability;

•anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences;

•anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes generally, including changes in the markets for rocket launch services, mission services, spacecraft and spacecraft components;

•improve and expand our operations and information systems;

•develop new technology that is responsive to and predictive of market conditions and demand;

•successfully compete against established companies and new market entrants;

•manage and improve our business processes in response to changing business needs;

•effectively scale our operations while maintaining high customer satisfaction;

•hire and retain talented employees at all levels of our business;

•integrate recent acquisitions, including personnel, systems and business processes;

•avoid or manage interruptions in our business from information technology downtime, cybersecurity breaches and other factors affecting our physical and digital infrastructure;

•adapt to changing conditions in our industry; and

•comply with regulations applicable to our business.

17

Table of Contents

If we are unable to accomplish any of these tasks, our revenue growth will be harmed. We also expect our operating expenses to increase in future periods, and if our revenue growth does not increase to offset these anticipated increases in our operating expenses, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability.

We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to forecast our revenue, plan our expenses and evaluate our business and future prospects.

We have a limited operating history in a rapidly evolving industry that may not develop in a manner favorable to our business. While our business has grown rapidly, and much of that growth has occurred in recent periods, the markets for launch services, space systems, spacecraft components and space data applications may not continue to develop in a manner that we expect or that otherwise would be favorable to our business. As a result of our limited operating history and ongoing changes in our new and evolving industry, including evolving demand for our products and services, our ability to forecast our future results of operations and plan for and model future growth is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly evolving industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. Accordingly, we may be unable to prepare accurate internal financial forecasts or replace anticipated revenue that we do not receive as a result of delays arising from these factors, and our results of operations in future reporting periods may be below the expectations of investors or analysts. If we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our estimates and forecasts or the expectations of investors or analysts, causing our business to suffer and our common stock price to decline.

We have a history of losses, we anticipate increasing operating expenses and capital expenditures in the future, and we may not be able to achieve and, if ever achieved, maintain profitability.

We may never achieve or sustain profitability and may continue to incur significant losses going forward. Any failure by us to achieve or sustain profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value of our common stock to decline. We experienced net losses of $198.2 million, $190.2 million and $182.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We expect to continue to incur net losses for at least the next 12 months and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. Because the markets for launch services, space systems, spacecraft components and space data applications are evolving. In addition, our customers for whom we provide these products and services may experience delays or technical challenges with their products and services that limit or delay our expected revenue and future growth opportunities from those customers. We expect our operating expenses and capital expenditures to significantly increase as we continue to make significant investments, expand our operations and infrastructure, develop and introduce new technologies, and hire additional personnel. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in revenue growth or increased efficiency. If our revenue does not increase to offset these expected increases in our operating expenses, our net losses could increase. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our future revenue and operating results are dependent on our ability to generate a sustainable order rate for our products and services and develop new technologies to meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers.

Our financial performance is dependent on our ability to generate a sustainable order rate for our products and services as well as our ability to monetize products still in development. This can be challenging and may fluctuate on an annual basis as the number of contracts awarded varies. If we are unable to win new awards or execute existing contracts as expected, our business, results of operations, and financial position could be further adversely affected. Furthermore, if our customers experience delays or technical challenges with their products or services or exercise delay or termination rights under new or existing contracts, our ability to recognize the full potential value of such contracts could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position.

The cyclical nature of the rocket launch services, mission services, spacecraft and spacecraft component markets could negatively impact our ability to accurately forecast customer demand. The markets that we serve may not grow in the future and we may not be able to maintain adequate gross margins or profits in these markets. Our growth is dependent on the growth in the sales of services provided by our customers, our customers’ ability to anticipate market trends, and our ability to anticipate changes in the businesses of our customers and to successfully identify and enter new markets. If we fail to anticipate such changes in demand, or such demand does not materialize to the extent we expected or at all, our business, results of operations, and financial position could be adversely affected.

18

Table of Contents

The rocket launch services, mission services, spacecraft and spacecraft component industries are each characterized by development of technologies to meet changing customer demand for complex and reliable products and services. Our current development projects include spacecraft capabilities; new reaction wheel sizes; and a new medium-lift rocket, called Neutron, for constellation deployment, interplanetary missions and potentially human spaceflight. Our products and services embody complex technology and may not always be compatible with current and evolving technical standards and systems developed by others. Failure or delays to meet the requisite and evolving industry or user standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Failure of suppliers to deliver against end customer requirements could lead to a material adverse effect on our financial results.

We have previously experienced, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture and commercialization of new rocket launch services, including the development and launch of our Neutron launch vehicle, mission services, spacecraft, spacecraft components and related technology. For example, we experienced a qualification testing failure of the Neutron Stage 1 tank on January 21, 2026 which ruptured the tank during a hydrostatic pressure trial resulting in an impact to Neutron’s launch schedule. If we fail to develop and successfully commercialize new technologies, if we fail to develop such technologies before our competitors, or if such technologies fail to perform as expected, or are inferior to those of our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.

Our business with various governmental entities is subject to the policies, priorities, regulations, mandates and funding levels of such governmental entities and may be negatively or positively impacted by any change thereto.

Changes in government policies, priorities, regulations, government agency mandates, funding levels through agency budget reductions, the imposition of budgetary constraints, or a decline in government support or deferment of funding for programs in which we or our customers participate could result in contract terminations, delays in contract awards, reduction in contract scope, performance penalties or breaches of our contracts, the failure to exercise contract options, the cancellation of planned procurements, and fewer new business opportunities, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such government policies, priorities, regulations and government agency mandates are evolving at a significant pace, and we expect further changes in policy positions and spending priorities from the U.S. government ..

The U.S. government has been aggressively pursuing cost reductions policies and elimination of government agencies and programs that could negatively impact the funding of government projects and programs in which we or our customers participate or compete for new contracts. They may also pursue changes in contract and payment terms, procurement practice and award criteria, and pursue other actions that may make such programs or contracts less profitable to us or not economically viable. The change in practices and policies, termination of projects, reduction or elimination of funding, and reduction in personnel staffing these entities may have a material impact on our or our customer’s existing government projects, including delays in completion and payments, and may eliminate certain contract opportunities in the future. Additionally, any failure by the U.S. government to enact a full-year appropriations bill could cause significant disruption to all government discretionary programs and corresponding impacts on the entire aerospace and defense industry, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We are subject to the procurement policies and procedures set forth in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (“FAR”). The FAR governs aspects of U.S. government contracting, including contractor qualifications and acquisition procedures. The FAR provisions in U.S. government contracts must be complied with in order for the contract to be awarded and provides for audits and reviews of contract procurement, performance, and administration. Failure to comply with the provisions of the FAR could result in contract termination.

In addition, contracts with any government, including the U.S. government, may be terminated or suspended by the government at any time and could result in significant liability obligations for us. Remedies for termination may fall short of the financial benefit associated with full completion and operation of a contract. In addition, we may not be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of government contracts. The loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

During 2025, 2024 and 2023, approximately 47%, 33%, and 31%, respectively, of our total annual revenues were derived from contracts with the U.S. government, U.S. prime contractors and its agencies or from subcontracts with other U.S. government contractors. Our contracts with the U.S. government are fixed-price contracts. Under firm fixed-price contracts, work performed and products shipped are priced at a fixed amount without adjustment for actual costs incurred in connection with the contract. Therefore, we bear the risk of loss if costs increase.

19

Table of Contents

Our ability to participate in and continue to pursue many of our business activities is regulated by various agencies and departments of the U.S. government and, in certain circumstances, the governments of other countries. Commercial space launches require licenses from the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DoT”) and the FAA. The Federal Communications Commission also requires licenses for radio communications during our rocket launches. Our classified programs require that we establish certain governance controls and maintain appropriate security clearances for certain of our facilities and employees. Failure to maintain the necessary clearances may impact our ability to perform classified program contracts or be awarded future contracts. We also require export licenses from the U.S. Department of State (“DoS”), the U.S. Department of Commerce (“DoC”) and, occasionally, the governments of other countries with respect to transactions we have with foreign customers or foreign subcontractors.

We derive a substantial amount of our revenues from only a few of our customers. A loss of, or default by, one or more of these major customers, or a material adverse change in any such customer’s business or financial condition, could materially reduce our future revenues and contracted backlog.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, our top five customers accounted for approximately 49% of our revenues and our top five backlog customers accounted for approximately 77% of our backlog in the aggregate as of December 31, 2025. Our customers could experience a downturn in their business or find themselves in financial difficulties, which could result in their ceasing or reducing their use of our services or becoming unable to pay for services they had contracted to buy. A substantial amount of our backlog for government customers is also subject to risks of future government funding levels, which may be substantially curtailed or abandoned, resulting in contract cancellations, modifications, delays, or reduction in orders. In addition, some of our customers’ industries are undergoing significant consolidation, and our customers may be acquired by each other or other companies, including by our competitors. Such acquisitions could adversely affect our ability to sell services to such customers and to any end-users whom they serve. Some customers have in the past defaulted, and our customers may in the future default, on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure, or other reasons. Such defaults could adversely affect our revenues, operating margins and cash flows. If our contracted revenue backlog is reduced due to the financial difficulties of our customers or other reasons, including cancellations for convenience, our revenues, operating margins, and cash flows would be further negatively impacted.

Disruptions in U.S. government operations and funding could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows, and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.

Any disruptions in federal government operations could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings, and cash flows. A prolonged failure to maintain significant U.S. government operations, particularly those pertaining to our business, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings, and cash flows. Continued uncertainty related to recent and future government shutdowns, the budget and/or the failure of the government to enact annual appropriations, such as long-term funding under a continuing resolution, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Additionally, disruptions in government operations may negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance that are important to our operations. For example, the U.S. government shutdown that began on October 1, 2025, affected our business operations which caused delays in anticipated contract awards and payments. Other effects and impacts on our operations included:

•U.S. State Department delays impacting our ability to timely obtain the necessary licenses to support launches for foreign customers as well as the delay in processing of U.S. visa application for our foreign personnel;

•reduced government support for U.S. missions and programs, including the furlough of civilian employees, which have reduced communication and increased response times; and

•reduction of workforce at critical mission sites such as at our Wallops facility.

We may not be successful in developing new technology, including our Neutron launch vehicle, and the technology we are successful in developing may not meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers.

The markets in which we operate are characterized by changing technology and evolving industry standards, and we may not be successful in identifying, developing and marketing products and services that respond to rapid technological change, evolving technical standards and systems developed by others. Our competitors may develop technology that better meets the needs of our customers. If we do not continue to develop, manufacture, and market innovative technologies or applications that meet customers’ requirements, or if we are unsuccessful in the development, manufacture or sale of any new technology or application we attempt to develop or are able to develop, including Neutron, sales may suffer and our business may not continue to grow in line with historical rates or at all. If we are unable to achieve sustained growth, we may be unable to execute our business strategy, expand our business, or fund other liquidity needs, and our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

20

Table of Contents

We operate in highly competitive industries and in various jurisdictions across the world which may cause us to have to reduce our prices.

We operate in highly competitive industries and many of our competitors are larger and have substantially greater resources than we have.

We may also face competition in the future from emerging low-cost competitors. Competition in the rocket launch, spacecraft, spacecraft services and spacecraft component businesses is highly diverse, and while our competitors offer different products and services, there is often competition for contracts.

In addition, some of our foreign competitors currently benefit from, and others may benefit in the future from, protective measures by their home countries where governments are providing financial support, including significant investments in the development of new technologies. Government support of this nature greatly reduces the commercial risks associated with rocket launch, spacecraft and spacecraft component development activities for these competitors. This market environment may result in increased pressures on our pricing and other competitive factors.

Acquisitions or divestitures could result in adverse impacts on our operations.

In order to grow our business, we may acquire additional assets or companies. For example, we acquired GEOST on August 12, 2025. In connection with these acquisitions or any future acquisitions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify, acquire or obtain the required regulatory approvals, or profitably manage the additional businesses or successfully integrate any acquired businesses, products, or technologies without substantial expenses, delays or other operational, regulatory or financial problems. In addition, any acquired businesses, products or technologies may not achieve anticipated revenues and income growth.

Further, acquisitions may involve a number of additional risks, including diversion of management’s attention, failure to retain key personnel, or failure to attract the necessary talent to manage organizational growth. We may become responsible for unexpected liabilities that were not discovered or disclosed in the course of due diligence in connection with historical acquisitions and any future acquisitions. Additionally, acquisitions with international operations expose us to greater international business risks. If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of an acquisition, such as revenue gains or cost reductions, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We may also seek to divest portions of our businesses which may no longer be aligned with our strategic initiatives and long-term objectives. Various factors could materially affect our ability to successfully do so, including the availability of buyers willing to purchase the assets on terms acceptable to us, difficulties in the separation of operations, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees, and the retention of uncertain contingent liabilities related to the divested business. We cannot assure that we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line, and any divestiture we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Uncertain global macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our results of operations are materially affected by economic and political conditions in the United States and internationally, including inflation, deflation, interest rates, recession or fears of recession, availability of capital, energy and commodity prices, the availability and cost of labor, trade laws and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. In certain prior periods, we have seen a broad-based weakening in the global macroeconomic environment which has impacted and could impact in the future certain of our markets. Additionally, instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding global central bank monetary policy, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world (including as a result of the on-going Russia and Ukraine war, the continued uncertainty surrounding the conclusion of the Israel-Hamas war, and China-Taiwan relations), the current economic challenges in China, including global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties, and other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. The Trump administration has taken certain actions, including the implementation of tariffs, that could continue to adversely impact trade relations and the global economy. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in key markets, remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, due to such conditions current or potential customers may delay or decrease spending on our products and services as their business and/or budgets are impacted by economic conditions. The inability of current and potential customers to pay us for our products and services may adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.

21

Table of Contents

We often rely on a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key products or services and the inability of these key vendors to meet our needs could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Historically, we have contracted with a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key products or services, such as composites, inertial measurement units, construction of launch vehicle structures, and ground network services. In addition, our manufacturing operations depend on specific technologies and companies for which there may be a limited number of vendors. If these vendors are unable to meet our needs because they fail to perform adequately, are unable to match new technological requirements or problems, or are unable to dedicate engineering and other resources necessary to provide the services contracted for, our business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. While alternative sources for these products, services, and technologies may exist, we may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, which could materially impair our ability to operate our business. Furthermore, these vendors may request changes in pricing, payment terms, or other contractual obligations, which could cause us to make substantial additional investments.

Additionally, some of our suppliers’ employees are represented by labor unions. Labor union actions at suppliers can also affect us. Work stoppages and instability in our relationships with labor unions could delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and cause a loss of revenues which would adversely affect our operations.

Launch vehicles are subject to manufacturing delays, damage or destruction during pre-launch operations, and launch failures, the occurrence of which can materially and adversely affect our operations.

Delays in the manufacturing of launch vehicles, damage or destruction during pre-launch operations, or launch failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The loss of, or damage to, a launch vehicle could result in significant delays in anticipated revenue to be generated by other rocket launch services using the same or similar launch vehicles or their components.

Spacecraft are subject to manufacturing and launch delays, damage or destruction during pre-launch operations, launch failures and incorrect orbital placement, the occurrence of which can materially and adversely affect our operations.

Delays in the manufacturing of spacecraft, launch delays, damage or destruction during pre-launch operations, launch failures or incorrect orbital placement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The loss of, or damage to, a spacecraft due to a launch failure could result in significant delays in anticipated revenue to be generated by that spacecraft. Any significant delay in the commencement of service of a spacecraft would delay or potentially permanently reduce the revenue anticipated to be generated by that spacecraft. In addition, if the loss of a spacecraft were to occur, we may not be able to accommodate affected customers with our other spacecraft until a replacement spacecraft is available, and we may not have on hand, or be able to obtain in a timely manner, the necessary funds to cover the cost of any necessary spacecraft replacement. Any launch delay, launch failure, underperformance, delay, or perceived delay could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business prospects and financial condition.

If our launch vehicles and spacecraft fail to operate as intended, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The manufacturing, testing, launching and operation of launch vehicles and spacecraft involves complex processes and technology. Our launch vehicles and spacecraft employ advanced technologies and sensors that are exposed to severe environmental stresses that have and could affect the performance of our launch vehicles. Hardware component problems and software issues could lead to deterioration in performance or loss of functionality of a launch vehicle and spacecraft. In addition, human operators may execute improper commands that may negatively impact a launch vehicle’s or spacecraft performance. Exposure of our launch vehicles and spacecraft to an unanticipated catastrophic event, such as collision with space debris, could reduce the performance of, or completely destroy, the affected launch vehicle and spacecraft. For example, as of December 31, 2025, we have had 75 successful missions and three failed customer launches, which occurred in July 2020, May 2021 and September 2023. In July 2020, the failed launch resulted from a battery related power-supply issue on the second stage propulsion system. In May 2021, our failed launch resulted from a second stage engine computer malfunction. In September 2023, our failed launch resulted from high voltage from the second stage’s power supply system resulting in a total loss of power. The failed missions resulted in the loss of all payloads onboard and prevented us from conducting future launches until we had investigated the cause of the failures and obtained authorization from the Federal Aviation Administration to resume launches. 

22

Table of Contents

We may experience other problems with our launch vehicles or spacecraft that may reduce their performance and we cannot provide assurances that our spacecraft will continue to operate successfully in space throughout their expected operational lives. Even if a spacecraft is operated properly, technical flaws in that spacecraft’s sensors or other technical deficiencies or anomalies could significantly hinder its performance. During any period of time in which a type of launch vehicle or spacecraft is not operational, we may lose most or all of the revenue that otherwise would have been derived from it. Our inability to repair or replace a defective type of launch vehicle or spacecraft, or correct any other technical problem in a timely manner could result in a significant loss of revenue. If a launch vehicle or spacecraft experiences a significant anomaly such that its type is no longer operational, it would significantly impact our business, prospects and profitability. Additionally, any launch failures could damage our reputation and ability to obtain future customers for our launch services, prevent us from receiving any payments contingent on a successful launch and increase our insurance rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.

Our contracts may include performance-based payment terms that expose us to financial risks.

Certain contracts we enter into include payment structures that are contingent on the ongoing performance of the delivered product or service over an extended period of time. These payment terms may require us to meet specific performance criteria, and failure to do so could result in reduced payments, the cessation of payments, or the obligation to refund amounts previously received. Such performance-based payment terms may expose us to financial risks, including unexpected charges or losses, if the product or service does not perform as expected.

Our revenue, results of operations and reputation may be negatively impacted if our products contain defects or fail to operate in the expected manner.

We sell complex and technologically advanced products and services, including rocket launch services, mission services, spacecraft and spacecraft components. Sophisticated software used in our products and services, including software developed by us, may contain defects that can unexpectedly interfere with the software’s intended operation. Defects may also occur in components and products that we manufacture or purchase from third parties. Most of the launch vehicles, spacecraft and spacecraft components we have developed must function under demanding and unpredictable operating conditions and in harsh and potentially destructive environments. Our products and services may not be successfully implemented, pass required acceptance criteria, or operate or give the desired output, or we may not be able to detect and fix all defects in the launch vehicles, spacecraft, spacecraft components and systems we sell and/or use. Failure to do so could result in lost revenue, such as occurred after our launch failure in September 2023, and damage to our reputation and may adversely affect our ability to win new contract awards.

Any inability to operate Electron at our anticipated launch rate could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our launch services business is currently dependent on Electron. To be successful, we will need to maintain a sufficient launch rate, which will be negatively impacted if we are not able to operate Electron for any reason, including not being granted appropriate government clearance after a launch failure such as occurred in connection with our launch failure in September 2023. We may be unable to operate Electron at our anticipated launch rate for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, production delays or failures, design and engineering flaws, launch failures, natural disasters, epidemics or pandemics, changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications, customer delays or cancellations, or other events that force us to cancel or reschedule launches.

Disruptions in the supply of key raw materials or components, including restrictions on our ability to obtain rare earth minerals, and difficulties in the supplier qualification process, as well as increases in prices of raw materials, could adversely impact us.

Many raw materials, major components, and product equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a single or sole-source basis. Although we maintain a qualification and performance surveillance process and we believe that sources of supply for raw materials and components are generally adequate, it is difficult to predict what effects shortages or price increases may have in the future. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. Our inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could, in turn, result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships, and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, or cash flows.

23

Table of Contents

Key raw materials and components used in our operations include chemicals; composites; electronic, electro-mechanical and mechanical components; rare earth minerals; subassemblies; and subsystems that are integrated with the manufactured parts for final assembly into finished products and systems. We are impacted by increases in the prices of raw materials used in production on fixed-price business. We monitor sources of supply to attempt to assure that adequate raw materials and other components and supplies needed in manufacturing processes are available. Prolonged disruptions in the supply of any of our key raw materials or components, difficulty completing qualification of new sources of supply, implementing use of replacement materials, components or new sources of supply, or a continuing increase in the prices of raw materials, energy, or components could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, or cash flows.

The expansion of our operations subjects us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results.

We contemplate further expansion of our operations as part of our growth strategy, including acquisitions and the development of our Neutron launch vehicle. Our current and contemplated operations subject us to a variety of risks, including:

•recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and employees;

•competition from other companies with significant market share in those markets and with better understanding of demand;

•difficulties in enforcing contracts, collecting accounts receivables, and longer payment cycles;

•regulatory, political or contractual limitations on our ability to operate in certain foreign markets, including trade barriers such as export requirements, tariffs, taxes and other restrictions and expenses;

•compliance with anti-bribery laws, including without limitation the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

•varying security laws and regulations in other countries;

•management distraction and constraints on bandwidth from acquisitions;

•increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple operations and integrating acquisitions;

•differing regulatory and legal requirements and possible enactment of additional regulations or restrictions on the use, import or export of our products and services, which could delay or prevent the sale or use of our products and services in some jurisdictions;

•currency translation and transaction risk, which may negatively affect our revenue, cost of net revenue, and gross margins, and could result in exchange losses;

•heightened exposure to political instability, war and terrorism;

•continued access to our LC-1 at Mahia, New Zealand at lease expiration;

•access to launch capacity, as well as securing additional capacity, at government-controlled launch sites, such as our LC-2 (and, when completed, LC-3) at the NASA-operated Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport at Wallops Island, Virginia;

•weaker protection of intellectual property rights in some countries; and

•overlapping of different tax regimes.

Any of these risks could harm our operations and reduce our sales, adversely affecting our business, operating results, financial condition and growth prospects.

24

Table of Contents

Space is a harsh and unpredictable environment where our products and service offerings are exposed to a wide and unique range of environmental risks, including, among others, coronal mass ejections, solar flares and other extreme space weather events and potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft, which could adversely affect our launch vehicle and spacecraft performance.

Space weather, including coronal mass ejections and solar flares have the potential to impact the performance and controllability of launch vehicles and spacecraft on orbit, including completely disabling our launch vehicles or spacecraft on orbit. Although we have some ability to actively maneuver our spacecraft to avoid potential collisions with space debris or other spacecraft, this ability is limited by, among other factors, uncertainties and inaccuracies in the projected orbit location of and predicted conjunctions with debris objects tracked and cataloged by the U.S. government. Additionally, some space debris is too small to be tracked and therefore its orbital location is completely unknown; nevertheless, this debris is still large enough to potentially cause severe damage or a failure of our launch vehicles or spacecraft should a collision occur.

Increased congestion from the proliferation of low Earth orbit constellations could materially increase the risks of potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft and limit or impair our launch flexibility and/or access to our own orbital slots.

Recent years have seen increases in the number of spacecraft deployed to low earth orbits, and publicly announced plans call for many thousands of additional spacecraft deployments over the next decade. The proliferation of these low Earth orbit constellations could materially increase the risks of potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft and affect our ability to effectively access sufficient orbital slots to support the expected growth across our business.

Our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance.

A significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced space technology products and services. New technologies may be untested or unproven. Failure of some of these products and services could result in extensive property damage. Accordingly, we may incur liabilities that are unique to our products and services.

The amount of insurance coverage that we maintain may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities. Existing coverage may be canceled while we remain exposed to the risk and it is not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks, natural hazards and liabilities.

We have historically insured against liability to third parties from launch activities as required, by law to the extent that insurance was available on acceptable premiums and other terms. The insurance coverage for third-party damages may not be sufficient to cover the liability. Although the U.S. government may pay claims for third-party damages to the extent they exceed our insurance coverage, this depends on a government appropriation and is subject to a statutory limit. In addition, this insurance will not protect us against our own losses, including to our launch vehicle, launch complex and spacecraft.

The price and availability of insurance fluctuate significantly. Insurance market conditions or factors outside our control at the time we are in the market for the required insurance, such as failure of launch vehicles and spacecraft, could cause premiums to be significantly higher than current estimates and could reduce amounts of available coverage. The cost of our insurance has been increasing and may continue to increase. Higher premiums on insurance policies will reduce our operating income by the amount of such increased premiums. If the terms of insurance policies become less favorable than those currently available, there may be limits on the amount of coverage that we can obtain or we may not be able to obtain insurance at all.

In addition, even though we carry business interruption insurance policies, any business interruption losses could exceed the coverage available or be excluded from our insurance policies. Any disruption of our ability to operate our business could result in a material decrease in our revenues or significant additional costs to replace, repair, or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Interruption or failure of our infrastructure could hurt our ability to effectively perform our daily operations and provide and produce our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.

We are vulnerable to natural disasters and significant disruptions including tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires, water shortages, other extreme weather conditions, epidemics or pandemics, acts of terrorism, power shortages and blackouts, aging infrastructures and telecommunications failures. In the event of such a natural disaster or other disruption, we could experience: disruptions to our operations or the operations of suppliers, subcontractors, distributors or customers; destruction of facilities; and/or loss of life.

25

Table of Contents

The availability of many of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Any downtime, damage to, or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our operations and services, which could reduce our revenue and profits. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from floods, fires, power loss, aging infrastructure, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm our systems. Our manufacturing facilities are also subject to risks associated with an aging infrastructure. An infrastructure failure could result in the destruction of launch vehicles, spacecraft and spacecraft components being manufactured or in inventory, manufacturing delays, or additional costs. We do not maintain back-up manufacturing facilities or operations. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could result in lengthy interruptions in our operations and services and/or damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft or tampering of intellectual property, any of which could materially adversely impact our business.

Our operations, products, services and intellectual property are inherently at risk of disruption, loss, inappropriate access, or tampering by both insider threats and external bad actors. In particular, our operations face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information, intellectual property and networks. In addition, insider threats, threats to the safety of our directors and employees, threats to the security of our facilities, infrastructure, and supply chain, and threats from terrorist acts or other acts of aggression could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Our customers and suppliers face similar threats. Customer or supplier proprietary, classified, or sensitive information stored on our networks is at risk. Assets, intellectual property and products in customer or supplier environments are also inherently at risk. We also have risk where we have access to customer and supplier networks and face risks of breach, disruption, or loss as well.

Our systems and processes can be attacked by third parties to obtain access to our data, systems and assets. The techniques used to gain unauthorized access are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate or prevent all unauthorized access, disruption, loss, or harm. Because of our highly desired intellectual property and our support of the U.S. government and other governments, we (and our customers and suppliers) may be a particularly attractive target for such attacks by hostile foreign governments. From time to time, we have experienced attacks on our systems from bad actors that, to date, have not had a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot offer assurances, however, that future attacks will not materially adversely affect our business.

A security event or other significant disruption of our operations, systems, assets, products, or services could:

•disrupt the proper functioning of our networks, applications and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers or suppliers;

•result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation, or release of, our, our customers’, or our suppliers’ proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information, including trade secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes;

•destroy or degrade assets including space, ground and intellectual property assets;

•manipulate or tamper with our operations, products, services or other systems delivered to our customers or suppliers;

•compromise other sensitive government functions; and

•damage our reputation with our customers (particularly agencies of various governments) and the public generally.

A security event that involves classified or other sensitive government information or certain controlled technical information could subject us to civil or criminal penalties and could result in loss of security clearances and other accreditations, loss of our government contracts, loss of access to classified information, loss of export privileges or debarment as a government contractor.

26

Table of Contents

If we cannot successfully protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer.

We use a combination of intellectual property rights, contractual protections, and other practices to protect our proprietary information, technologies and processes. We rely on patent, copyright and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, including the operations systems and technology we use throughout our business. Others may independently develop the same or similar technologies and processes or may improperly acquire and use information about our technologies and processes, which may allow them to provide products and services similar to ours, which could harm our competitive position.

We also rely on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and other confidential information to maintain our competitive position. Although we enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with the parties with whom we have strategic and business relationships, no assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technologies.

To protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights, and we may or may not be able to detect infringement by third parties. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management’s attention and resources, could delay future sales and introductions of new capabilities, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our business, or injure our reputation. In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new capabilities, and we cannot assure you that we could license that technology on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and our inability to license this technology could harm our ability to compete.

Third parties may allege that our technology violates their proprietary data rights, which could have a negative impact on our operations.

If any of our technology violates proprietary rights, including copyrights and patents, third parties may assert infringement claims against us. Certain software modules and other intellectual property used by us or in our launch vehicles, spacecraft, spacecraft components and systems make use of or incorporate licensed software components and other licensed technology. These components are developed by third parties over whom we have no control. Any claims brought against us may result in limitations on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims. We may be required to redesign our launch vehicles, spacecraft, spacecraft components and systems or to obtain licenses from third parties to continue our offerings without substantially re-engineering such products or systems. Our intellectual property rights may be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, infringed or required to be licensed to others. An infringement or misappropriation could harm any competitive advantage we currently derive or may derive from our proprietary rights.

Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses.

Our agreements with certain other parties include indemnification provisions, under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement and, in some cases, for damages caused by us to property or persons. The term of these indemnity provisions is generally perpetual after execution of the corresponding agreement. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.

We are highly dependent on the services of Sir Peter Beck, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and if we are unable to retain Mr. Beck, our ability to compete could be harmed.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel. We are highly dependent on the services of Sir Peter Beck, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Mr. Beck is the source of many, if not most, of the ideas and execution driving our company. Mr. Beck participates in various high-risk activities, such as recreational aviation, motorsports and operating heavy machinery, all which carry the risk of serious injury and death. If Mr. Beck were to discontinue his service to us due to death, disability or any other reason, there could be a material adverse impact on our operations and the market prices for our securities, and we would be significantly disadvantaged. We do not maintain, and we do not expect to maintain in the future, a key person life insurance policy with respect to Mr. Beck.

27

Table of Contents

Our inability to hire or retain key personnel could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

We depend on the continued contributions of our senior management and other key personnel. The loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives and could divert other senior management time in searching for their replacements. We registered the resale of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options or settlement of restricted stock units held by members of our management. To the extent that members of our management were to sell significant amounts of equity in us, we may have more difficulty in retaining and continuing to incentivize these members of management than we have historically.

Our future success also depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, financial and other personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly in engineering and sales, may seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous companies. Often, significant amounts of time and resources are required to train technical, sales and other personnel. Qualified individuals are in high demand. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain them, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational and managerial requirements, on a timely basis or at all, and we may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. If we are unable to attract and retain the qualified personnel we need to succeed, our business would suffer. Also, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or divulged proprietary or other confidential information.

Labor-related matters, including labor disputes, may adversely affect our operations.

None of our employees are currently represented by a union. If our employees decide to form or affiliate with a union, we cannot predict the negative effects such future organizational activities will have on our business and operations. If we were to become 

[... truncated at 60,000 chars — see source URL for full text ...]

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain amounts may not foot due to rounding. Certain information in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described under the sections entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and Item I, Part 1A. “Risk Factors” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

Rocket Lab is an end-to-end space company with an established track record of mission success. We deliver reliable launch services, spacecraft design services, spacecraft components, spacecraft manufacturing and other spacecraft and on-orbit management solutions that make it faster, easier and more affordable to access space.

While our business has historically been centered on the manufacture of small-class launch vehicles and the related sale of launch services, we are currently innovating in the areas of medium-class launch vehicle and launch services, space systems design and manufacturing, on-orbit management solutions, and space data applications. Each of these initiatives addresses a critical component of the end-to-end solution and our value proposition for the space economy: 

•Launch Services is the design, manufacture, and launch of orbital rockets to deploy payloads to various Earth orbits and interplanetary destinations. 

•Space Systems is the design and manufacture of spacecraft, spacecraft components and spacecraft program management services, space data applications, mission operations and optical systems. 

Electron is our orbital small launch vehicle that was designed from the ground up to accommodate a high launch rate business model to meet the growing and dynamic needs of our customers for small launch services. Since its maiden launch in 2017, Electron has become the leading small spacecraft launch vehicle delivering over 200 spacecraft to orbit for government and commercial customers across 75 successful missions through December 31, 2025. In 2025, Electron was the second most frequently launched orbital rocket. Our launch services program has seen us develop many industry-leading innovations, including 3D printed electric turbo-pump rocket engines, fully carbon composite first stage fuel tanks, a private orbital launch complex, a rocket stage that can be configured to convert into a highly capable spacecraft on orbit, and the potential ability to successfully recover a stage from space, providing a path to reusability. 

In March 2021, we announced plans to develop our reusable-ready medium-capacity Neutron launch vehicle that will increase the payload capacity of our space launch vehicles to approximately 13,000 kg for reusable configuration launches to low Earth orbit and support lighter payloads for higher orbits. Neutron will be tailored for commercial and U.S. government constellation launches and ultimately configurable for and capable of human space flight, enabling us to provide crew and cargo resupply to space stations. Neutron will also provide a dedicated service to orbit for larger civil, defense and commercial payloads that need a high level of schedule control and high-flight cadence. We expect to be able to leverage Electron’s flight heritage across various vehicle subsystems designs, launch complexes and ground station infrastructure. 

Our space systems initiatives are supported by the design and manufacture of our spacecraft family along with a range of components, software and services for spacecraft, including reaction wheels, star trackers, radios, separation systems, solar solutions, command and control spacecraft software, high voltage space grade battery solutions, optical solutions and additional products in development to serve a wide variety of sub-system functions. We entered this market with our acquisition of leading spacecraft components manufacturer Sinclair Interplanetary, and have since expanded our market participation with the acquisitions of Planetary Systems Corporation, SolAero Technologies Corp., Advanced Solutions, Incorporated and GEOST. Each of these strategic acquisitions brought incremental vertically-integrated capabilities for our own spacecraft family and also enabled Rocket Lab to deliver high-volume manufacturing of critical spacecraft components and software solutions at scale prices to the broader spacecraft merchant market. Our spacecraft family, which are configurable for a range of low Earth orbit, medium Earth orbit, geosynchronous orbit and interplanetary missions enable us to offer an end-to-end mission solution encompassing launch, full spacecraft manufacturing, ground services, mission operations and optical systems to provide customers with streamlined access to orbit with Rocket Lab as a single mission partner.

43

Table of Contents

Recent Developments 

Space Development Agency Tracking Layer Tranche 3

On December 17, 2025, we entered into an agreement with the Space Development Agency (“SDA”) to design, manufacture and provide operations and sustainment for 18 satellites for the Tracking Layer Tranche 3 program (“Tranche 3”) under the Proliferated Warfighter Space Architecture. The contract with SDA has a total potential value of $816 million, which includes a base amount of $806 million and options totaling $10 million. Work under the agreement will begin immediately with final delivery of the satellites for launch expected in 2029.

Neutron Update

We continue to make significant progress in the development of the Neutron launch vehicle. Neutron qualification testing of flight hardware from large structures through to component level systems is ongoing. Several major vehicle structures have completed successful qualification and are moving into final integration and test phase, including the fairing, second stage, and thrust structure. An unanticipated failure during qualification testing of the first stage tank occurred in January 2026 and this has impacted the expected timing of Neutron’s first launch.

Based on our evaluation of necessary time to produce a new tank and complete robust testing of the tank as well as the Archimedes engine, and qualification of remaining systems and hardware, Neutron’s first launch is now targeted for Q4 2026. However, risk and uncertainty remains in the complex development cycle of a new launch vehicle which could impact our current best estimate of a targeted timeline for first launch.

Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 

Ability to timely develop and successfully deploy Neutron launch vehicle

Our future results will depend on the success of the development and commercial acceptance of our Neutron medium-capacity launch vehicle. While we have made significant progress across Neutron’s structures and infrastructure to date, including engine testing and initial production execution, the commercial development of a new launch vehicle is inherently time consuming and involves numerous risks throughout the engineering and manufacturing development cycle, hardware and systems testing, and infrastructure readiness, any of which could create further delays in reaching the initial launch and future launches of the completed vehicle. In addition, even if we succeed in developing Neutron to a successful initial launch, we could be unsuccessful in developing the ability to produce these launch vehicles in quantities and with the necessary quality manufacturing system that ensures each vehicle and engines perform as required or meet our expectations for future launch cadence. Any delay in the production of the Neutron launch vehicle or in our ability to produce these launch vehicles at our expected rate of production and with a reliable quality management system could have a material impact on customer acceptance as well as our future revenue, financial condition and results of operations. Additional delays or setbacks in Neutron development may require more research, development and capital expenditures than we currently anticipate, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in future periods. 

Ability to sell additional launch services, space systems service and spacecraft components to new and existing customers 

Our results will be impacted by our ability to sell our launch services, space systems services, and spacecraft components to new and existing customers. We have successfully launched Electron 75 times delivering over 200 spacecraft to orbit, including suborbital launches, through December 31, 2025. We have flight hardware and spacecraft that have flown on over 1,800 missions, including legacy missions enabled by Sinclair Interplanetary (acquired April 2020), Advanced Solutions, Incorporated (acquired October 2021), Planetary Systems Corporation (acquired November 2021), SolAero Technologies Corp. (acquired January 2022) and GEOST (acquired August 2025). Our growth opportunity is dependent on our ability to expand our addressable launch services market with larger volumetric and higher mass payload capabilities of our in-development medium-capacity Neutron launch vehicle, which will address large commercial and government constellation launch opportunities. Our growth opportunity is also dependent on our ability to win spacecraft constellation missions and expand our portfolio of strategic spacecraft components. Our ability to sell additional products to existing customers is a key part of our success, as follow-on purchases indicate customer satisfaction and decrease the likelihood of competitive substitution. To sell additional products and services to new and existing customers, we will need to continue to invest significant resources in our products and services.

44

Table of Contents

Ability to improve profit margins and scale our business 

We intend to continue to invest in initiatives to improve our operating leverage and significantly ramp production. We believe continued reduction in costs and an increase in production volumes will enable the cost of launch vehicles to decline and improve our gross margins. Our ability to achieve our production-efficiency objectives could be negatively impacted by a variety of factors including, among other things, lower-than-expected facility utilization rates, manufacturing and production cost overruns, increased purchased material costs and unexpected supply-chain quality issues or interruptions.

Government expenditures and private enterprise investment into the space economy 

Government expenditures and private enterprise investment has fueled the growth in our target markets. We expect the continued availability of government expenditures and private investment for our customers to help fund purchases of our products and services will remain. This is an important factor in our company’s growth prospects.

Key Metrics and Select Financial Data 

We monitor the following key financial and operational metrics that assist us in evaluating our business, measuring our performance, identifying trends and making strategic decisions. 

Launch Vehicle Build-Rate and Launch Cadence 

We built approximately 11 Electron launch vehicles in 2023, approximately 14 Electron launch vehicles in 2024 and approximately 24 Electron launch vehicles in 2025. We launched ten Electron vehicles in 2023, 16 Electron vehicles in 2024 and 21 Electron vehicles in 2025. Growth rates between launches and total launch service revenue are not perfectly correlated because our total revenue is affected by other variables, such as the revenue per launch, which can vary considerably based on factors such as unique orbit and insertion requirements, payload handling needs, launch location, time sensitivity of mission completion, method of revenue recognition and other factors.

Revenue Growth 

We generated $601.8 million and $436.2 million in revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase in revenue of approximately 38%. This year-on-year increase primarily resulted from increased revenues in our organic space system products and services representing growth of $91.9 million and higher launch cadence that delivered growth of $73.7 million. 

Revenue and Cost Per Launch 

Revenue per launch represents the average transaction price attributable to launch contract performance obligations during the period in which the launch occurs, regardless of whether the revenue is recognized as point-in-time or over-time method of revenue recognition. This metric provides insight into general competitiveness and price sensitivity in the marketplace. Revenue per launch can vary considerably, based on factors such as unique orbit and insertion requirements, payload handling needs, launch location, time sensitivity of mission completion and other factors, and as such may not provide absolute clarity with regards to pricing and competitive dynamics in the marketplace. Cost per launch is calculated by taking actual costs of the launch vehicles that occur in the period, regardless of whether the costs were recognized at point-in-time or over-time method and all period costs in the period of launch.

For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, our revenue per launch was $8.5 million, $7.8 million and $7.1 million, respectively. Meanwhile, cost per launch was $4.8 million, $5.7 million and $7.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cost per launch for the year ended December 31, 2023 excludes a $2.1 million benefit from non-recurring employee retention credit to Launch Services cost of revenue and a $4.1 million benefit from non-recurring reversal of provision made for contract losses that were credited to Launch Services cost of revenue. The decrease in cost per launch in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was driven by efficiencies of scale. 

Backlog 

Backlog represents future revenues that we would recognize in connection with the completion of all contracts and purchase orders that have been entered into by our customers but have not yet been fulfilled, excluding any customer options for future products or services that have not yet been exercised. Contracts for launch services and spacecraft builds typically include termination rights that may be exercised by customers upon advanced notice and payment of a specified termination fee. Our backlog increased from $1,067.0 million as of December 31, 2024 to $1,847.3 million as of December 31, 2025, of which $1,371.7 million is related to space systems and $475.6 million is related to launch services. The increase was primarily a result of continued bookings during the period, which includes the SDA Tranche 3 contract signed in December 2025, and the acquisition of GEOST, partially offset by recognizing revenue on contracts during the period.

45

Table of Contents

Components of Results of Operations 

Revenue 

Our revenues are derived from a combination of long-term fixed price contracts for launch services and spacecraft builds, and purchase order based spacecraft components sales. Revenues from long-term contracts are recognized using either the “point-in-time” or “over-time” method of revenue recognition. Point-in-time revenue recognition results in cash payments being initially accrued to the balance sheet as deferred revenue as contractual milestones are accomplished and then recognized as revenue once the final contractual obligation is completed. Over-time revenue recognition is generally based on an input measure of progress based on costs incurred compared to estimated total costs at completion. Each project has a contractual revenue value and an estimated cost. The over-time revenue is recognized based on the percentage of the total project cost that has been realized. 

Estimating future revenues and associated costs and profit is a process requiring a high degree of management judgment, including management’s assumptions regarding our future operational performance as well as general economic conditions. Frequently, the period of performance of a contract extends over a long period of time and, as such, revenue recognition and our profitability from a particular contract may be affected to the extent that estimated costs to complete are revised, delivery schedules are delayed, performance-based milestones are not achieved or progress under a contract is otherwise impeded. Accordingly, our recorded revenues and operating profit from period to period can fluctuate significantly depending on when the point-in-time or over-time contractual obligations are achieved. In the event cost estimates indicate a loss on a contract, the total amount of such loss is recorded in the period in which the loss is first estimated.

For a description of our revenue recognition policies, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues consists primarily of direct material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, freight expense, depreciation and amortization and other personnel-related expenses, which include salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, directly associated with generating revenues. We expect our cost of revenues to increase in absolute dollars in future periods as we sell more launch services and space systems. As we grow into our current capacity and execute on cost-reduction initiatives, we expect our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue to decrease over time. 

Because direct labor costs and manufacturing overhead comprise a significant portion of cost of revenues, increasing our production rate resulting in greater absorption of these costs is our most critical cost reduction initiative. Increasing our production rate is a cross-functional effort involving sales and business development, manufacturing, engineering, supply chain and finance. 

Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses consist of research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Research and Development, Net

Research and development, net expense consists primarily include labor, prototype, professional services, materials, facilities and depreciation expense. We intend to continue to make significant investments in developing new products and enhancing existing products, including but not limited to our medium capacity Neutron launch vehicle, Electron’s first stage recovery, and spacecraft features and capabilities, as well as expanding our portfolio of spacecraft components and subsystems. Research and development expense will be variable relative to the number of products that are in development, validation or testing. However, we expect it to decline as a percentage of total revenue over time. 

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our sales, marketing, supply chain, finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel, as well as the costs of customer service, information technology, risk management and related insurance, travel, allocated overhead, other marketing, communications, administrative and transaction expenses. We also expect to further invest in our corporate infrastructure and incur additional expenses associated with operating as a public company, including increased legal and accounting costs, investor relations and compliance costs. As a result, we expect that selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars in future periods but decline as a percentage of total revenue over time. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense on our loan agreements, amortization of debt issuance costs and finance lease interest. 

46

Table of Contents

Interest Income

Interest income consists primarily of interest income on our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and customer financing. 

Loss on Foreign Exchange 

Gain (loss) on foreign exchange relates to currency fluctuations that generate foreign exchange gains or losses on invoices denominated in currencies other than the United States (“U.S.”) Dollar. 

Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income (expense), net consists primarily of change in the fair value of contingent consideration, loss on extinguishment of debt, gain or loss on disposal of assets and accretion of marketable securities purchased at a discount.

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations information and data as a percentage of revenue for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 

Years Ended December 31, 

202520242023

$%$%$%

Revenues$601,799 100.0%$436,214 100.0%$244,592 100.0%

Cost of revenues394,618 65.6%320,065 73.4%193,183 79.0%

Gross profit207,181 34.4%116,149 26.6%51,409 21.0 %

Operating expenses:

Research and development, net270,716 45.0%174,394 40.0%119,054 48.7%

Selling, general and administrative165,303 27.5%131,556 30.2%110,273 45.1%

Total operating expenses436,019 72.5%305,950 70.2%229,327 93.8%

Operating loss(228,838)(38.1)%(189,801)(43.6)%(177,918)(72.8)%

Other income (expense):

Interest expense(26,489)(4.4)%(26,179)(6.0)%(17,525)(7.1)%

Interest income25,512 4.2 %22,225 5.1 %13,277 5.4 %

Loss on foreign exchange(463)(0.1)%(87)— %(470)(0.2)%

Other income, net4,381 0.7%4,431 1.0%3,715 1.5 %

Total other income (expense), net2,941 0.4 %390 0.1%(1,003)(0.4)%

Loss before income taxes(225,897)(37.7)%(189,411)(43.5)%(178,921)(73.2)%

Benefit (provision) for income taxes27,688 4.6 %(764)(0.2)%(3,650)(1.5)%

Net loss$(198,209)(33.1)%$(190,175)(43.7)%$(182,571)(74.7)%

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Revenues

 Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Revenues$601,799 $436,214 $165,585 38%

Revenue increased by $165.6 million, or 38%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Space systems revenue was $402.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $91.9 million, or 30%, primarily due to spacecraft manufacturing growth, partially offset by a net $7.9 million downward cumulative catch-up adjustment to revenue primarily related to changes in the estimated costs to complete an individual contract. Launch services revenue was $199.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $73.7 million, or 59%, primarily due to a higher launch cadence, with 21 launch missions completed in the year ended December 31, 2025, versus 16 launch mission completed in the year ended December 31, 2024, higher revenue per launch, revenue recognized on over-time Electron launch missions and increase in other launch revenue, which includes termination and study revenue.

47

Table of Contents

Cost of Revenues

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Cost of revenues$394,618 $320,065 $74,553 23%

Cost of revenues increased by $74.6 million, or 23%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Space systems cost of revenue was $276.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $47.6 million, or 21%, primarily due to spacecraft manufacturing growth. Launch Service cost of revenues was $117.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $27.0 million, or 30%, primarily due to a higher launch cadence referenced above.

Research and Development, Net 

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Research and development, net$270,716 $174,394 $96,322 55%

Research and development expense increased by $96.3 million, or 55%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to Neutron development progress, increased staff and staff related expenses as a result of hiring and prototype spend focused on expanding our spacecraft and spacecraft components product portfolio.

Selling, General and Administrative 

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Selling, general and administrative$165,303 $131,556 $33,747 26%

Selling, general and administrative expense increased by $33.7 million, or 26%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to increased staff and staff related expenses to support revenue growth and increased transaction expenses related to managing an active acquisition pipeline. 

Interest Expense

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Interest expense$(26,489)$(26,179)$(310)1 %

Interest expense increased by $0.3 million, or 1%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024.

Interest Income

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Interest income$25,512 $22,225 $3,287 15 %

Interest income increased by $3.3 million, or 15%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to higher cash and cash equivalents balances held in interest bearing accounts.

Loss on Foreign Exchange

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Loss on foreign exchange$(463)$(87)$(376)432 %

Loss on foreign exchange increased by $0.4 million, or 432%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to fluctuations on the foreign exchange rates of the New Zealand Dollar and Canadian Dollar as compared to the U.S. Dollar.

48

Table of Contents

Other Income, Net

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Other income, net$4,381 $4,431 $(50)(1%)

Other income decreased by $0.1 million, or 1%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. In 2025, other income, net consisted primarily of a $10.6 million change in the fair value of contingent consideration and $2.2 million in accretion of marketable securities purchased at a discount, partially offset by a $5.9 million loss on extinguishment of debt and a $2.6 million loss on disposal of assets. In 2024, other income, net consisted primarily of $2.9 million in accretion of marketable securities purchased at a discount and a $2.8 million gain on disposal of assets, partially offset by a $1.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt.

Benefit (Provision) for Income Taxes

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20252024$ Change% Change

 Benefit (provision) for income taxes$27,688 $(764)$28,452 (3,724)%

We recorded income tax benefit of $27.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 and income tax expense of $0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The effective tax rate was 12.3% for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to (0.4)% for the year ended December 31, 2024. The 2025 effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate due primarily to increases in the U.S. valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets, net of the release of the valuation allowance related to the GEOST acquisition, as well as the impact of stock based compensation deductions, and foreign income taxed at different rates.

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023

Revenues

 Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Revenues$436,214 $244,592 $191,622 78%

Revenue increased by $191.6 million, or 78%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Space systems revenue was $310.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $138.1 million, or 80%, primarily due to spacecraft manufacturing growth. Launch services revenue was $125.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $53.5 million, or 74%, primarily due to a higher launch cadence, with 16 launch missions completed in the year ended December 31, 2024, versus ten launch mission completed in the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Cost of Revenues

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Cost of revenues$320,065 $193,183 $126,882 66%

Cost of revenues increased by $126.9 million, or 66%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Space systems cost of revenue was $229.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $99.9 million, or 77%, primarily due to spacecraft manufacturing growth. Launch Service cost of revenues was $90.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $27.0 million, or 42%, primarily due to a higher launch cadence referenced above. Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 decreased to 73% of total revenue as compared to 79% for the year ended December 31, 2023.

49

Table of Contents

Research and Development, Net

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Research and development, net$174,394 $119,054 $55,340 46%

Research and development expense increased by $55.3 million, or 46%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to Neutron development progress, increased staff and staff related expenses as a result of hiring and prototype spend focused on expanding our spacecraft and spacecraft components product portfolio.

Selling, General and Administrative

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Selling, general and administrative$131,556 $110,273 $21,283 19%

Selling, general and administrative expense increased by $21.3 million, or 19%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to increased staff and staff related expenses to support revenue growth.

Interest Expense

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Interest expense$(26,179)$(17,525)$(8,654)49 %

Interest expense increased by $8.7 million, or 49%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase of interest expense incurred on senior convertible notes, partially offset by interest expense on secured borrowings.

Interest Income

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Interest income$22,225 $13,277 $8,948 67 %

Interest income increased by $8.9 million, or 67%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to higher cash and cash equivalents balances held in interest bearing accounts.

Loss on Foreign Exchange

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Loss on foreign exchange$(87)$(470)$383 (81)%

Loss on foreign exchange decreased by $0.4 million, or 81%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to fluctuations on the foreign exchange rates of the New Zealand Dollar and Canadian Dollar as compared to the U.S. Dollar.

Other Income, Net

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Other income, net$4,431 $3,715 $716 19%

Other income increased by $0.7 million, or 19%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a gain on sale of assets related to the sale of a helicopter and spare parts in 2024, partially offset by a decrease in accretion of marketable securities purchased at a discount.

50

Table of Contents

Provision for Income Taxes

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except percentages)20242023$ Change% Change

 Provision for income taxes$(764)$(3,650)$2,886 (79)%

We recorded income tax expense of $0.8 million and $3.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate was (0.4)% for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to (2.0)% for the year ended December 31, 2023. The effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate due primarily to a full valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since inception, we have funded our operations with proceeds from sales of our capital stock, convertible senior notes, term note debt, equipment financing, research and development grant proceeds, and cash flows from the sale of our products and services. As of December 31, 2025, we had $828.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and $270.2 million of marketable securities. Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are for investment in new products and technologies, the expansion of existing manufacturing facilities, working capital, debt service, acquisitions of complementary businesses, products or technologies and general corporate needs. Historically, these cash requirements have been met through the net proceeds we received through private sales of equity securities and convertible senior notes, borrowings under our credit and equipment financing facilities, net proceeds received in the Business Combination, net proceeds received from our ATM Equity Offerings and payments received from customers.

We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and payments from customers will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months, although we may choose to take advantage of opportunistic capital raising or refinancing transactions at any time primarily for the purposes noted above. We will continue to invest in increasing production and expanding our product offerings through acquisitions. 

Material Cash Requirements

As of December 31, 2025, our total minimum lease payments was $151.0 million, of which $17.9 million is due in the following twelve months. For details regarding our lease obligations at December 31, 2025, refer to Note 16, Leases, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our capital expenditures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 were $156.3 million. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our launch cadence, traction in the market with our space systems offerings, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts, the introduction of new and enhanced products, the continuing market adoption of our products, the timing and extent of additional capital expenditures to invest in existing and new office spaces and the number of acquisitions of complementary businesses, products or technologies we pursue, if any. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing or we may choose to take advantage of opportunistic capital raising or financing transactions primarily for the purposes noted above. In the event that we require additional financing, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in continued product innovation, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, operations and financial condition.

Additionally, we expect our capital and operating expenditures will increase significantly in connection with ongoing activities as we: 

•increase our investment in marketing, advertising, sales and distribution infrastructure for our existing and future products and services; 

•develop additional new products and enhancements to existing products; 

•obtain, maintain and improve our operational, financial and management performance; 

•hire additional personnel; 

•obtain, maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and 

•continue to operate as a public company. 

51

Table of Contents

Indebtedness 

On February 6, 2024, the Company issued $355.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.250% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the “Notes”). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the “Indenture”), dated as of February 6, 2024, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). As of December 31, 2025, there was $155.7 million outstanding under the Notes, before unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $3.3 million. As of December 31, 2025, the effective interest rate under the Notes was 5.0%. In addition, the Company has financing agreements with $1.7 million outstanding as of December 31, 2025.

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

(in thousands)202520242023

Net cash provided by (used in):

Operating activities$(165,521)$(48,890)$(98,867)

Investing activities(347,397)(98,327)12,018 

Financing activities1,071,271 256,682 7,369 

Effect of exchange rate changes(110)(597)43 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$558,243 $108,868 $(79,437)

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 of $165.5 million, which consisted of $198.2 million in net loss, $91.5 million non-cash expense and $58.8 million in cash used in operating assets and liabilities. Included in the non-cash activities are $71.1 million in stock-based compensation expense and $43.9 million in depreciation and amortization, partially offset by $30.7 million in deferred income taxes. Included in the cash used in operating assets and liabilities are $39.9 million in inventories, $21.6 million in contract liabilities, $15.5 million in prepaids and other assets, $11.5 million in non-current lease liabilities, offset by cash provided by operating assets and liabilities including $15.8 million in other non-current assets and $10.2 million in trade payables.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 of $347.4 million was primarily driven by capital equipment and infrastructure investments of $156.3 million, cash paid for the GEOST acquisition of $132.4 million and net cash used related to purchases, maturities and sales of marketable securities of $59.1 million. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 of $1,071.3 million was primarily related to $1,119.5 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the ATM Equity Offerings and $11.0 million in proceeds from our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, partially offset by $61.5 million net cash outflows related to debt activities. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

 We believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our other significant accounting policies. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting standards generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those financial statements and accompanying notes. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those estimates.

52

Table of Contents

Revenue Recognition

The transaction price represents the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised products or services to our customers. The consideration promised within a contract may include fixed amounts and variable amounts. Variable consideration may consist of final milestone payments, mission success fees or liquidating damages that are earned or penalized if certain contractual milestones are achieved or are not achieved.

We estimate variable consideration at the most likely amount or expected value, which is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. We do not have a history of significant changes in our estimates of variable consideration; however, judgment is involved in estimating the amounts on long term contracts and could be subject to change if we encounter significant delays in production.

For revenue recognized over-time, we use an input method, based on costs incurred relative to total estimated costs at completion to estimate the percentage of completion. The costs incurred are determined by assessing the physical and technical progress on the spacecraft applied to the standard costs. Due to the nature of the work performed under spacecraft construction contracts, the estimation of physical and technical progress requires judgment and is subject to many variables including but not limited to actual progress and costs incurred, labor productivity, changes in cost and availability of materials.

Significant estimates and assumptions are made in estimating contract costs. At the outset of an over-time contract, we identify and monitor risks related to technical, schedule, and cost aspects of the contract, as well as our ability to earn variable consideration. These risks are assessed throughout the contract period and may result in changes to our estimates of the transaction price or total costs to complete the contract. When such changes occur, we recognize cumulative adjustments to revenue and profit in the period the changes are identified, reflecting the inception-to-date effect of the revised estimates. These adjustments may favorably or unfavorably impact our gross margin. For the impacts of changes in estimates on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

If our actual costs exceed our estimates, our margins and profits are reduced and we could incur a provision for contract loss. A provision for contract loss is when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price. When this occurs, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which the loss is evident.

Stock-based Compensation

The fair value of stock options under our employee equity incentive plan are estimated as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which is affected by the fair value per share of common stock, the expected share price volatility of its common shares over the expected term, expected term, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield, which are estimated as follows:

•Fair value per share of common stock. The fair value of common stock based on the market price of our common stock underlying the awards on the grant date. 

•Expected volatility. The volatility is based on the weighted average historical volatilities of our common stock and a pool of public companies that are comparable to us. Expected volatility represents the estimated volatility of the shares over the expected life of the options.

•Expected term. We determine the expected term of the awards using the simplified method. The simplified method estimates the expected term based on the average of the vesting period and contractual term of the stock option.

•Risk-free interest rate. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected life of the option is derived from the U.S. treasury interest rates in effect at the date of grant.

•Estimated dividend yield. We use an expected dividend yield of zero since no dividends are expected to be paid.

The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent our best estimates, however, these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. As a result, if factors change or we use different assumptions, stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future.

53

Table of Contents

Income Taxes

We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by applying the statutory tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences between the financial reporting and tax filing bases of existing assets and liabilities are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized.

We utilize a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain income tax positions (tax contingencies). The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We make estimates, assumptions and judgments to determine its provision for income taxes and also for deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances recorded against deferred tax assets. Actual future operating results and the underlying amount and type of income could differ materially from our estimates, assumptions and judgments thereby impacting its consolidated financial position and results of operations.

Business Combinations

The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. The Company uses the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed measured at their fair values on the date acquired. Goodwill is measured as of the acquisition date as the excess of consideration transferred over the net acquisition date fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when fair value is not readily available and requires a significant amount of management judgment. 

We perform valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and allocate the purchase price to its respective assets and liabilities. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires us to use significant judgment and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenue, costs and cash flows, discount rates and selection of comparable companies. The Company engages the assistance of valuation specialists in concluding on fair value measurements in connection with determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination.

In certain business combinations, we may agree to pay contingent consideration based on the future performance of the acquired business. Contingent consideration is measured at fair value as of the acquisition date and included as part of the total purchase price. Subsequent changes in the fair value of contingent consideration are recognized in earnings in the period of the change. The determination of the fair value of contingent consideration requires significant judgment and estimates, including projections of future financial performance, discount rates and volatility assumptions.

These estimates are inherently uncertain, as they rely on forward-looking assumptions about our business and market conditions. Changes in these assumptions can materially impact the fair values assigned to identifiable intangible assets, goodwill and amortization expense.

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually during the fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist during the fiscal year. Events or circumstances which could trigger an impairment review include a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, loss of key customers, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a loss of key personnel, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends or significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future results of operations.

When testing goodwill for impairment, we first performs a qualitative assessment. If we determine it is more likely than not that a reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, then a one-step impairment test is required. If we determines it is not more likely than not a reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, then no further analysis is necessary. To identify whether a potential impairment exists, we compare the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired. If, however, the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then such balance would be recorded as an impairment loss.

There was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. We performed our most recent qualitative analysis as of October 1, 2025, where we determined the fair value of our reporting unit with goodwill substantially exceeded its carrying value.

54

Table of Contents

Guarantor Information

In connection with the Reorganization, on May 23, 2025, the Company, Rocket Lab USA and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the “Trustee”) entered into the first supplemental indenture (the “Supplemental Indenture”) to the indenture, dated as of February 6, 2024, between Rocket Lab USA and the Trustee (the “Indenture”), governing the Convertible Notes in order to (i) provide for subsequent conversions of our convertible senior notes in the manner set forth in Section 5.09 of the Indenture, (ii) provide for subsequent adjustments to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) of the Indenture in a manner consistent with Section 5.09 of the Indenture, (iii) provide for the full and unconditional guarantee of the obligations of Rocket Lab USA under our convertible senior notes and the Indenture and (iv) make such other changes as are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the holders and to give effect to the provisions of Section 5.09(A) of the Indenture.

As of December 31, 2025, there was $155.7 million aggregate principal amount of issued and outstanding convertible senior notes of Rocket Lab USA that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. Accordingly, pursuant to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, separate consolidated financial statements of Rocket Lab USA have not been presented. As permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi) of Regulation S-X, we have excluded summarized financial information for Rocket Lab USA because the assets, liabilities and results of operations of Rocket Lab USA are not materially different than the corresponding amounts in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
