---
ticker: MU
source_type: 10k_excerpt
fiscal_year: FY2025
filing_date: 2025-10-03
source_url: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/723125/000072312525000028/mu-20250828.htm
sections: Item 1 (Business), Item 1A (Risk Factors excerpt), Item 7 (MD&A excerpt)
---

# MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC 10-K FY2025 (excerpt)

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Overview

We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and compute-intensive applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience.

We manufacture our products at wholly-owned facilities and also utilize subcontractors for certain manufacturing processes. Our global network of manufacturing centers of excellence not only allows us to benefit from scale while streamlining processes and operations, but it also brings together some of the world’s brightest talent to work on the most advanced memory technology. Centers of excellence bring expertise together in one location, providing an efficient support structure for end-to-end manufacturing, with quicker cycle times, in partnership with teams, such as R&D, product development, human resources, procurement, and supply chain. For our locations in Singapore and Taiwan, this is also a combination of bringing fabrication and back-end manufacturing together. We continue to make significant investments to develop proprietary product and process technology, which generally increases bit density per wafer and reduces per-bit manufacturing costs of each generation of product. We continue to introduce new generations of products that offer improved performance characteristics, including higher data transfer rates, advanced packaging solutions, lower power consumption, improved read/write reliability, and increased memory density.

We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets. To remain competitive, we must continuously develop and implement new products and technologies and decrease manufacturing costs in spite of inflationary pressures, changing technologies, rapid market changes, and regulatory uncertainty. Our success is largely dependent on obtaining returns on our R&D investments, efficient utilization of our manufacturing infrastructure, development and integration of advanced product and process technologies, market acceptance of our diversified portfolio of semiconductor-based memory and storage solutions, and efficient capital spending.

Business Segments

In the fourth quarter of 2025, we reorganized our business units. All prior-period segment amounts have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect this reorganization. We have the following four business units, which are our reportable segments:

•Cloud Memory Business Unit (“CMBU”): Focused on memory solutions for large hyperscale cloud customers, and HBM for all data center customers.

•Core Data Center Business Unit (“CDBU”): Focused on memory solutions for mid-tier cloud, enterprise, and OEM data center customers and storage solutions for all data center customers.

•Mobile and Client Business Unit (“MCBU”): Focused on memory and storage solutions for the mobile and client segments.

•Automotive and Embedded Business Unit (“AEBU”): Focused on memory and storage solutions for the automotive, industrial, and consumer segments.

7 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Products, Market, and Sales

Product Technologies

Our product portfolio of memory and storage solutions, advanced solutions, and storage platforms is based on our high-performance semiconductor memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, and NOR. We sell our products through our business units into various markets in numerous forms, including components, modules, SSDs, managed NAND, multi-chip packages, and wafers. Many of our system-level solutions combine NAND, a controller, firmware, and in some cases DRAM. 

DRAM: DRAM products are dynamic random access memory semiconductor devices with low latency that provide high-speed data retrieval with a variety of performance characteristics. DRAM products lose content when power is turned off (“volatile”) and are most commonly used in the data center, client PC, graphics, industrial, mobile, and automotive markets.

In 2025, we began shipping the industry’s first 1γ (1-gamma) production node, which is our first DRAM node incorporating EUV lithography and offers further improvements in power efficiency, performance, and bit density compared to our prior DRAM node products. The majority of our DRAM bit production in 2025 was on our leading-edge 1ß (1-beta) node. 

High-Bandwidth Memory (“HBM”): A 3D stacked DRAM architecture that utilizes through-silicon via (“TSV”) connections for more efficient communication giving it the ability to achieve a higher bandwidth while consuming less power compared to other memory types. This makes it ideal for applications that require high data throughput and energy efficiency, such as AI applications and high-performance computing.

Double Data Rate (“DDR”): DDR memory transfers data twice per clock cycle resulting in improved speeds, power efficiency, and storage density. DDR5 is the fifth generation of this technology and offers the critical improvements in bandwidth and power efficiency necessary to meet the growing needs of high-performance computing, AI, and data-intensive applications. 

Low-Power DRAM (“LPDDR”): Engineered for mobile devices and applications requiring low power consumption. LPDDR products generally operate at a lower voltage than standard DRAM products and are beneficial to any power conscious application. The benefits of LPDDR memory are being realized by many market segments, including mobile, PC, automotive, and data center. 

Graphics DRAM (“GDDR”): High-performance memory solution designed for graphics cards, gaming consoles, and high-performance computing applications. GDDR memory is optimized for high-bandwidth workloads encountered by graphics processing units, offering faster data rates and efficient data processing capabilities. 

Total reported DRAM revenue was $28.58 billion in 2025, $17.60 billion in 2024, and $10.98 billion in 2023.

NAND: NAND products are non-volatile, re-writeable semiconductor storage devices that provide high-capacity, low-cost storage with a variety of performance characteristics. NAND is used in SSDs for the data center, client PC, consumer, and automotive markets, and in removable storage markets. Managed NAND is used in smartphones and other mobile devices, and in the consumer, automotive, and embedded markets. Low-density NAND is ideal for applications like automotive, surveillance, machine-to-machine, automation, printer, and home networking.

In 2024, we began volume production of Micron G9 NAND, representative of the industry's ninth-generation 3D NAND node. The majority of our NAND bit production in 2025 was on leading-edge Micron G8 and G9 NAND nodes. Our NAND Flash includes triple-level cell (“TLC”) and quad-level cell (“QLC”), each with varying levels of storage density, performance, and endurance. 

 8

Table of Contents

Solid State Drives (“SSDs”): SSD storage products incorporate NAND, a controller, and firmware to offer significant performance and features over hard disk drives, including smaller form factors, faster read and write speeds, higher reliability, and lower power consumption needed to address the growing demands of data-centric workloads, ever-increasing expectations of client users, and the stringent requirements of automotive and industrial applications. 

Managed NAND: Managed NAND combines NAND flash with a sophisticated controller and firmware in a single package. This integration allows the memory to manage itself, handling tasks like wear leveling, bad block management, and error correction internally, freeing the host system from these tasks. Products such as embedded MultiMediaCards (“e.MMC”) and universal flash storage (“UFS”) offer solutions that are compact and reliable, making them widely used across the mobile, automotive, and industrial markets. 

Multi-Chip Packages (“MCPs”): Designed to provide high-performance, compact, and efficient memory solutions by integrating multiple types of memory, generally LPDDR and NAND, into a single package. MCPs are used in embedded internet of things (“IoT”) applications, automotive systems, mobile devices, and industrial devices where space and power efficiency are critical.

Total reported NAND revenue was $8.50 billion in 2025, $7.23 billion in 2024, and $4.21 billion in 2023.

NOR: NOR products are non-volatile, re-writable semiconductor memory devices that provide fast read speeds. NOR is most commonly used for reliable code storage (e.g., boot, application, operating system, and execute-in-place code in an embedded system) and for frequently changing small data storage and is ideal for automotive, industrial, and consumer applications.

Products by Business Unit and Market

Cloud Memory Business Unit (“CMBU”)

CMBU is focused on memory solutions for large hyperscale cloud customers, and HBM for all data center customers. In addition to HBM, CMBU sales include DDR, LPDDR, and GDDR.

Data Center: CMBU sales to the data center end market are driven by server demand across the cloud market and includes our portfolio of HBM, high-capacity dual in-line memory modules (“DIMMs”), and low-power server DRAM solutions. 

Overall cloud growth continues to be driven by the shift of both infrastructure and workloads from on-premises to the cloud. Cloud-native workloads are driving growth through use cases such as AI-enabled intelligent edge devices and augmented reality platforms that store and access data in the cloud or rely on the cloud for compute capability. Cloud servers supporting AI and data-centric workloads require significantly increasing quantities of DRAM, including HBM, and NAND as the task of turning data into insight becomes increasingly memory-centric. 

In 2024, we began volume production of our 8-high 24GB HBM3E with increased bandwidth and superior power efficiency enabled by our advanced 1β process node. In the fourth quarter of 2025, HBM3E 12-high represented the majority of our HBM shipments. This enhanced version of HBM delivers faster data rates, improved thermal response, and a higher monolithic die density within the same package footprint as previous generations. In 2025, we delivered samples of HBM4 36GB 12-high to multiple key customers to power next-generation AI platforms.

As modern servers pack more processing cores into central processing units (“CPUs”), the memory bandwidth per CPU core has been decreasing. Our DDR5 alleviates this bottleneck by providing higher bandwidth than previous generations, enabling improved performance and scaling. In 2024, we qualified and began shipping our 128GB DDR5 server module, built on a monolithic 32GB DRAM die and powered by our 1ß node. This innovative product provides an industry alternative to existing 3D TSV-based solutions to address the rigorous speed and capacity demands of memory-intensive generative AI applications. In 2025, we began volume production of LPDDR5 in a small outline compression attached memory module (“SOCAMM”) form factor to enable easier server manufacturability and serviceability and to help drive broader LPDDR adoption in the server market.

9 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Total reported CMBU revenue was $13.52 billion in 2025, $3.79 billion in 2024, and $1.87 billion in 2023. CMBU sales to the data center market in 2025 consisted primarily of our HBM, DDR5 and DDR4, LPDDR5, and GDDR6 products. 

Core Data Center Business Unit (“CDBU”) 

CDBU is focused on memory solutions for mid-tier cloud, enterprise, and OEM data center customers and storage solutions for all data center customers, including data center SSDs and NAND components. 

Data Center DRAM: CDBU sales to OEM data center customers are driven by server and storage demand to support mid-tier cloud and enterprise customers, and our sales consisted primarily of DDR5 and DDR4.

Data Center SSDs and NAND: The rapid proliferation of AI, cloud computing, and big data are fueling demand for high-performance and high-capacity storage in data centers. In 2025, we qualified and began shipping our 9550 series SSD to meet the growing demands of AI, high-performance computing, and many other workloads. This fully integrated solution enables improved performance, power efficiency, and security features for data center operators. In 2025, we also qualified and began shipping our 6550 ION SSD, which delivers lower power while providing better performance and better data center footprint efficiency with more density per rack for data centers. Both products utilized Micron’s G8 NAND and internally designed and vertically integrated engineering capability consisting of a controller, firmware, NAND, and DRAM. We also strengthened our portfolio with our first G9-based data center products, including our PCIe Gen6 SSDs.

Total reported CDBU revenue was $7.23 billion in 2025, $4.98 billion in 2024, and $2.12 billion in 2023. CDBU sales to the data center SSD market in 2025 consisted primarily of our 5400, 6500 ION, 7450, 7500, and 9550 series SSDs. CDBU sales also included sales of our DDR5 and DRR4 and component NAND sales of QLC and TLC.

Mobile and Client Business Unit (“MCBU”)

MCBU is focused on memory and storage solutions for the mobile and client segments. Additionally, MCBU sales include our Crucial-branded SSDs and DRAM sold to the consumer market and component DRAM and NAND sales of TLC and QLC.

Mobile: Consists of memory and storage products sold into the smartphone and other mobile-device markets, including discrete NAND, DRAM, and managed NAND products. MCBU offers a portfolio of MCPs and managed NAND, including products which combine e.MMC/UFS solutions with LPDDR, along with a suite of unique firmware features designed for next-generation smartphones and to accelerate AI applications in the mobile market.

The proliferation of smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices continues to increase the demand for memory chips, while AI adoption in such devices continues to be a strong driver for mobile DRAM content growth. These devices require high-performance memory to support various applications, from gaming to productivity. Smartphones offer tremendous potential for personalized AI capabilities that offer greater security and responsiveness when executed on the device. Enabling these on-device AI capabilities is driving increased memory and storage capacity needs and increasing demand for new value-add solutions.

We are focused on providing solutions to the high-end smartphone segments, leveraging our 1ß and 1γ technology nodes for LPDDR5X. In 2025, we began shipping qualification samples of our first LPDDR5X memory built on the 1γ node, engineered to accelerate AI applications on flagship smartphones, and delivering a faster speed grade while reducing power consumption, all in an ultrathin form factor ideal for mobile. 

Client: Our products sold to the client PC market support both commercial and consumer PC unit growth. The next generation PCs contain high-performance neural processing chipsets, as well as AI. These devices have significantly more DRAM content than today’s average PC. 

Client and Consumer SSDs: The next generation PCs contain high-performance neural processing chipsets, as well as AI capabilities, and require higher performance and higher average capacity SSDs than traditional PCs. Our client SSDs, targeted for leading personal computer OEMs, have mostly replaced hard disk drives used in notebooks, desktops, workstations, and other consumer applications, and deliver high performance, power 

 10

Table of Contents

efficiency, security, and capacity. In 2025, we began shipping Micron G9 QLC-based NAND in client SSDs designed for OEMs featuring our proprietary Adaptive Write Technology, which enables faster write performance for improved AI-driven applications and an optimized user experience. 

Total reported MCBU revenue was $11.86 billion in 2025, $11.67 billion in 2024, and $7.39 billion in 2023. MCBU sales to the mobile market in 2025 consisted primarily of LPDDR5 and LPDDR4 DRAM and managed NAND solutions. MCBU sales to the client and consumer SSD markets in 2025 consisted primarily of our 2500, 2550, 2650, and 3500 series SSDs and our Crucial-branded BX500 SATA SSDs and P3 Plus PCIe SSDs. MCBU sales also included component NAND sales of TLC and QLC. 

Automotive and Embedded Business Unit (“AEBU”)

AEBU is focused on memory and storage solutions for the automotive, industrial, and consumer segments sold into the intelligent edge, including discrete and module DRAM, discrete NAND, managed NAND, SSDs, and NOR. The intelligent edge refers to the continually growing set of connected systems and devices where data is analyzed and aggregated closest to where it is captured. Intelligent devices, those using AI for inference at the edge, are now more self-contained and do not need to connect to the cloud to run their algorithms.

Automotive: Improvements in autonomous driving, advanced driver-assistance systems, in-vehicle infotainment systems, advanced robotaxi platforms, and AI technologies continue to increase the requirements for high-performing memory and storage products, with higher reliability requirements for leading-edge products. Automotive memory and storage products enable connected, advanced infotainment systems with increasingly larger and higher definition displays and support improved voice and gesture control. Adoption of Level 2 and 3 advanced driver-assistance systems capabilities continue to gain momentum, further expanding content per vehicle. Our products enable increasingly advanced vision- and sensor-based automated systems to support driver assistance solutions and vehicle safety. In 2025, we announced the production readiness of our first automotive LPDDR5X DRAM product that supports the increasing performance requirements of AI-driven applications in vehicles. Additionally, our 4150 SSD became our first enterprise SSD product that is automotive-qualified and is now sampling at target customers, further reinforcing our commitment to innovation and leadership in this important market.

Industrial: Growing adoption of IoT devices, automation, machine-to-machine communication, and smart infrastructure across sectors, such as manufacturing, transportation, surveillance, and retail, is driving demand for industrial memory solutions. High-reliability and high-performance memory solutions are critical for these applications.

Consumer Embedded: Embedded memory and storage solutions are used in a diverse set of consumer products, including service provider and IP set-top boxes, digital home assistants, digital still and video cameras, home networking, ultra-high-definition televisions, augmented reality and virtual reality headsets. Our embedded memory and storage solutions enable intelligent edge devices in the consumer products market to store, connect, and transform information in the IoT.

Total reported AEBU revenue was $4.75 billion in 2025, $4.63 billion in 2024, and $4.14 billion in 2023. In 2025, AEBU sales to the automotive, industrial, and consumer embedded markets consisted primarily of LPDDR5 and LPDDR4, managed NAND, DDR4 and DDR3, and GDDR6 products.

Marketing and Customers

We seek to build collaborative relationships with our customers to understand their unique opportunities and challenges. By engaging with our customers early in the product life-cycle to identify and design features and performance characteristics into our products, we are able to manufacture products that anticipate and address our customers’ changing needs. Collaborating with our customers on their design needs in changing end markets and meeting their timelines for qualifying new products allows us to differentiate our memory and storage solutions, which provides greater value to our customers.

11 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Our semiconductor memory and storage products are offered under our Micron and Crucial brand names and through private labels. We market our semiconductor memory and storage products primarily through our own direct sales force and maintain sales or representative offices to support our worldwide customer base. Our products are also offered through distributors, retailers, and independent sales representatives. Our distributors carry our products in inventory and typically sell a variety of other semiconductor products, including our competitors’ products. Our independent sales representatives obtain orders, subject to final acceptance by us, and we then make shipments against these orders directly to customers or through our distributors. We sell our Crucial-branded products through a web-based customer-direct sales channel, as well as through channel and distribution partners. We maintain inventory at locations in close proximity to certain key customers to facilitate rapid delivery of products.

Due to volatile industry conditions, our customers are generally reluctant to enter into long-term, fixed-price purchase contracts. We typically enter into long-term agreements with our customers with acknowledgment that pricing, quantity, and other terms will be periodically negotiated to reflect market conditions and our customers’ demand for our products.

In each of the last three years, approximately one-half of our total revenue was from our top ten customers. For other information regarding our concentrations and customers, see Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 28. Certain Concentrations.

Competitive Conditions

We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SK hynix Inc.; Kioxia Holdings Corporation; Sandisk Corporation; ChangXin Memory Technologies, Inc. (“CXMT”); and Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. (“YMTC”). Our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may operate in jurisdictions with lower labor and compliance costs and may have a larger market share and greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Consolidation of industry competitors could put us at a competitive disadvantage as our competitors may benefit from increased manufacturing scale and a stronger product portfolio. Alternatively, new entrants into the memory and storage market could have a significant adverse impact on our competitive position. We operate in different jurisdictions than our competitors and may be impacted by unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates, import/export restrictions, and other trade regulations, including tariffs.

In addition, governments have provided, and may continue to provide, significant assistance, financial or otherwise, to some of our competitors or to new entrants and may intervene in support of national industries and/or competitors. As a result, we face the threat of increasing competition and DRAM and NAND oversupply due to significant investment in the semiconductor industry, including by the Chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities, such as CXMT and YMTC. In addition, the May 2023 decision by China’s Cyberspace Administration (the “CAC”) that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products had an adverse impact on our ability to compete effectively in China and elsewhere. 

We intend to advance our process technology to increase bit output per wafer, improve yields, and increase wafer supply. In addition, our competitors may increase capital expenditures resulting in future increases in worldwide supply. We, and some of our competitors, have plans to construct new fabrication facilities and/or ramp production at existing fabrication facilities. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Additionally, rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. If competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages.

 12

Table of Contents

Manufacturing

We manufacture our products within our own facilities located in Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, the United States, Malaysia, China, and India and also utilize subcontractors to perform certain manufacturing processes. Our products are manufactured on 300mm wafers in facilities that generally operate 24 hours per day, seven days per week. Semiconductor manufacturing is capital intensive, requiring large investments in sophisticated facilities and equipment. Our DRAM, NAND, and NOR products share a number of common manufacturing processes, enabling us to leverage our product and process technology and certain resources and manufacturing infrastructure across these product lines.

Our process for manufacturing semiconductor products is complex and involves numerous precise steps, including wafer fabrication, post-fabrication processing, assembly, and test. Efficient production of semiconductor products requires utilization of advanced semiconductor manufacturing techniques and effectively deploying those techniques across multiple facilities. The primary determinants of manufacturing cost are process line-width, 3D non-volatile layers, NAND cell levels, process complexity (including the number of mask layers and fabrication steps), and manufacturing yield. Other factors include the cost and sophistication of manufacturing equipment, equipment utilization, cost of raw materials, labor productivity and cost, package type, cleanliness of our manufacturing environment, and utilization of subcontractors to perform certain manufacturing processes. As we continue to increase our production of high-value products and solutions, manufacturing costs are increasingly affected by the costs of application-specific integrated circuit controllers and other semiconductors, advanced and complex packaging configurations, and testing at progressively higher performance speeds and quality levels. We continuously enhance our production processes, increase bits per wafer, transition to higher density products, and utilize advanced testing and assembly processes.

Wafer fabrication occurs in a highly controlled clean environment to minimize yield loss from contaminants. Despite stringent manufacturing controls, individual circuits may be non-functional or wafers may be scrapped due to equipment errors, minute impurities in materials, defects in photomasks, circuit design marginalities or defects, or contamination from airborne particles, among other factors. Success of our manufacturing operations depends largely on minimizing defects and improving process margin to maximize yield of high-quality circuits. In this regard, we employ rigorous quality controls throughout the manufacturing, screening, and testing processes. We continue to heighten quality control as our product offerings expand into higher-end segments that require increasing performance targets.

Our products are manufactured and sold in both packaged form and as unpackaged bare die. Our packaged products include packaged die, memory modules, and system-level solutions, such as SSDs, managed NAND, and MCPs. We assemble many products in-house and, in some cases, outsource assembly services for certain packaged die, memory modules, SSDs, and MCPs. We test our products at various stages in the manufacturing process, conduct numerous quality control inspections throughout the entire production flow, and perform high-temperature burn-in on finished products. In addition, we use our proprietary AMBYX™ line of intelligent test and burn-in systems to perform simultaneous circuit tests of semiconductor die, capturing quality and reliability data and reducing testing time and cost.

In recent years, we have produced an increasingly broad portfolio of products and system solutions, which enhances our ability to allocate resources to our most profitable products but also increases the complexity of our manufacturing and supply chain operations. Although our product lines generally use similar manufacturing processes, our costs can be affected by frequent conversions to new products; the allocation of manufacturing capacity to more complex, smaller-volume products; and the reallocation of manufacturing capacity across various product lines.

13 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

We have commenced expansion of our production capacity in the United States and in other regions where we operate. Semiconductor fabs are complex, capital-intensive projects and require specialized knowledge, expertise, experience, and skill sets to construct and operate. Our construction projects are highly dependent on available sources of materials and specialized equipment, as well as labor, skilled sub-contractors, and other service providers. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, and other market conditions could result in shortages and higher costs. Additionally, difficulties in obtaining labor, skilled sub-contractors, and other service providers or other resources could result in delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, including costs to operate these facilities. In the United States and in certain other regions, fab building has been uncommon in recent years. Concurrent semiconductor expansion projects across the industry introduce significant competition for the limited pool of construction talent with requisite expertise and experience in these regions. As such, expanding production capacity in the United States and certain other regions may introduce more challenges than we would experience in geographies with more established ecosystems. 

Resources

Supply Chain, Materials, and Third-Party Service Providers

Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We generally have multiple sources of supply for our materials and services. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain materials, components, and services that meet our standards and, in some cases, materials, components, or services are provided by a single or sole source, and we may be unable to qualify new suppliers on a timely basis. The availability of materials or components, such as chemicals, silicon wafers, gases, photoresists, semiconductors, substrates, lead frames, printed circuit boards, targets, and reticle glass blanks is impacted by various factors. These factors could include a shortage of raw materials or a disruption in the processing or purification of those raw materials into finished goods. Shortages or increases in lead times have occurred in the past, are currently occurring with respect to some materials and components, and may occur from time to time in the future because of the nature of the industry. Constraints within our supply chain for certain materials and integrated circuit components could limit our bit shipments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers of controllers, analog integrated circuits, and other components used in some of our products and with outsourced semiconductor foundries, assembly and test providers, contract manufacturers, logistics carriers, and other service providers, including providers of maintenance for our advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment and providers of electricity and other utilities. Although we have certain long-term contracts with some of our suppliers, many of these contracts do not provide for long-term capacity or pricing commitments. To the extent we do not have firm commitments from our third-party suppliers over a specific time period or for any specific capacity, quantity, and/or pricing, our suppliers may allocate capacity to their other customers and capacity and/or materials may not be available when needed or at reasonable prices. Inflationary pressures may continue to increase costs for materials, supplies, and services. Regardless of contract structure, large swings in demand may exceed our contracted supply and/or our suppliers’ capacity to meet those demand changes, resulting in a shortage of parts, materials, or capacity needed to manufacture our products. In periods of shortage, we may be required to incur increased costs in order to meet our contractual commitments and demand from our customers or experience a decrease in revenue. In addition, if any of our suppliers were to cease operations or become insolvent, this could impact their ability to provide us with necessary supplies, and we may not be able to obtain the needed supply in a timely manner or at all from other providers.

 14

Table of Contents

Certain materials are primarily available in a limited number of countries, including rare earth elements, minerals, and metals. Trade disputes, geopolitical tensions, economic circumstances, political conditions, or public health issues may limit our ability to obtain such materials. Although these rare earth and other materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, China is a predominant producer of these materials. China has in the past restricted export of certain of these materials and may in the future continue to restrict, expand restrictions, or stop exporting these or other materials, and as a result, our suppliers’ ability to obtain such supply may be constrained, and we may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities, or obtain supply in a timely manner or at a commercially reasonable cost. Constrained supply of rare earth elements, minerals, and metals may restrict our ability to manufacture certain of our products and make it difficult or impossible to compete with other semiconductor memory and storage manufacturers who are able to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials from China.

We and/or our suppliers and service providers could be affected by regional conflicts, acts of war, civil unrest, labor disruptions, sanctions, tariffs, embargoes, or other trade restrictions, and retaliatory actions in response to such actions, as well as laws and regulations enacted in response to concerns regarding climate change, conflict minerals, responsible sourcing practices, public health crises, or other matters, which could limit the supply of our materials and/or increase the cost. Environmental regulations could limit our ability to procure or use certain chemicals or materials in our operations or products. In addition, disruptions in transportation lines could delay our receipt of materials. Our ability to procure components to repair equipment essential for our manufacturing processes could also be negatively impacted by various restrictions or disruptions in supply chains, among other items. The disruption of our supply of materials, components, or services, or the extension of our lead times could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our operations are dependent on a reliable and uninterrupted supply of electrical power, gas, and water to our manufacturing facilities. Any power shortages, capacity constraints, prolonged outages, or significant or unexpected increases in the cost of power could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our inability to source materials, supplies, capital equipment, or third-party services could affect our overall production output and our ability to fulfill customer demand. Significant or prolonged shortages of our products could halt customer manufacturing and damage our relationships with these customers. Any damage to our customer relationships as a result of a shortage of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Similarly, if our customers experience disruptions to their supplies, materials, components, or services, or the extension of their lead times, they may reduce, cancel, or alter the timing of their purchases with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Patents and Licenses

As of August 28, 2025, we have been granted over 60,000 patents and we owned approximately 15,000 active U.S. patents and 7,500 active foreign patents. In addition, we have thousands of U.S. and foreign patent applications pending. Our patents have various terms expiring through 2044.

From time to time, we sell and/or license our technology to other parties, and we continue to pursue opportunities to monetize our investments in our intellectual property through partnering and other arrangements.

We have a number of patent and intellectual property license agreements and have, from time to time, licensed or sold our intellectual property to third parties. Some of these license agreements require us to make one-time or periodic payments while others have resulted in us receiving payments. We may need to obtain additional licenses or renew existing license agreements in the future, and we may enter into additional sales or licenses of intellectual property and partnering arrangements. We are unable to predict whether these license agreements can be obtained or renewed on terms acceptable to us.

15 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Research and Development

Our R&D efforts are focused primarily on development of memory and storage solutions, including our industry-leading DRAM and NAND technology, that enable continuous improvement in performance and cost structure for our products. In 2025, we began shipping the 1γ production node, which is our first DRAM node incorporating EUV lithography. We also began volume production on our Micron G9 NAND node. We are well-positioned with our industry-leading HBM3E technology. Our HBM4 technology is advancing and remains on schedule for volume production in calendar 2026. We are also focused on developing new and fundamentally different memory structures, materials, and packages designed to facilitate our transition to next generation products. Additional R&D efforts are concentrated on the enablement of advanced computing, storage, and mobile memory architectures and the investigation of new opportunities that leverage our core semiconductor expertise. Product design and development efforts include HBM, DDR5, LPDDR5, high-capacity MRDIMMs, compute express link (“CXL”) based products, and advanced graphics DRAM; TLC and QLC NAND technologies; storage solutions (including firmware and controllers) in SSDs and managed NAND; and other memory technologies and systems.

To compete in the semiconductor memory and storage markets, we must continue to develop technologically advanced products and processes. The continued evolution of our semiconductor product offerings is necessary to meet expected customer requirements for memory and storage products and solutions. Our process, design, firmware, controller, package, and system development efforts occur at multiple locations across the world. Our R&D centers are located in Boise, Idaho; San Jose, California; India; Japan; Taiwan; Singapore; China; Italy; Mexico; Germany; Malaysia; and other sites in the United States.

R&D expenses vary primarily with the number of development and pre-qualification wafers processed and end-product solutions developed, personnel costs, and the cost of advanced equipment dedicated to new product and process development, such as investments in EUV lithography equipment. Because of the lead times necessary to manufacture our products, we typically begin to process wafers before completion of performance and reliability testing. Development of a product is deemed complete when it is qualified through internal reviews and tests for performance, functionality, and reliability. R&D expenses can vary significantly depending on the timing of product qualification and product specifications.

Human Capital

We depend on a highly educated and experienced workforce to design, develop, and manufacture high-quality, cutting-edge memory and storage solutions. As of August 28, 2025, we had approximately 53,000 employees located primarily in Asia, North America, and Europe.

Talent Acquisition, Development, and Engagement

Finding and retaining the best and brightest people in an extremely competitive industry environment is a strategic imperative for our business. We partner with our communities, institutions, governments, and associations to expand the pipeline of highly skilled STEM talent globally. Our partnerships with primary, secondary, and post-secondary education systems are key to training and inspiring the next generation to consider STEM careers in the semiconductor industry. On hiring, we focus on merit and use a variety of means to find the best talent. We are committed to empowering our team members through continuous learning, developing team members at all stages of their careers, including on-the-job training, continuing education, a robust mentoring program, and numerous internal certifications and training. We equip our team members with the latest AI tools and training to unlock human potential and labor productivity. In addition, we develop and accelerate our leaders’ careers through targeted learning that helps them move to higher-level positions or across functions.

We use a research-based, people-centric approach to understanding and improving team member engagement. Listening to our team members is emphasized by the Micron Voice program, a survey which encompasses engagement, culture, leadership behaviors, well-being and inclusion to learn more from our team members. 

 16

Table of Contents

Compensation and Benefits

Our compensation programs are designed to support our team members’ financial and personal well-being by providing a valuable return for their contributions to the Company. Our total rewards strategy includes base salary, bonuses, equity awards, a discounted stock purchase plan, and a comprehensive benefits package. We have a regular review of pay globally, including base pay, annual bonuses, and stock awards, to ensure fairness in our compensation practices. We regularly assess our global leave, medical, and financial benefits to ensure market competitiveness.

Culture 

At Micron, we empower a culture that reflects our core values and enables the best talent to innovate and thrive. To further this mission, we have required comprehensive training for all employees on fostering a respectful workplace, free from harassment or discrimination. We also train our leaders on the principles of psychological safety, enabling higher levels of trust, collaboration and performance. Recognizing the significance of mental health and wellbeing, we offer a global employee assistance program accessible to all team members. We also leverage our 10 Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”) to cultivate welcoming environments where team members connect, grow and give back. ERG membership now exceeds more than half our workforce. In addition, we create opportunities for team members to participate in community engagement events and to build social connections through onsite workplace experiences.

Health, Safety, and Well-being

Proactive efforts to prevent occupational illnesses and injuries allow us to maintain a safe, healthy, and secure workplace. Each of our sites have health and safety committees, which are designed to promote overall operations and communications regarding safety and to help lead and implement secure and compliant work areas. Our safety program creates a unified corporate safety culture by establishing a formal training structure and common safety practices across our global facilities. 

In addition to our proactive efforts on safety, our team member well-being program offers resources across our five pillars (physical, mental, social, career, and financial). We provide services to our team members, including free mental health and counseling support, on-site and near-site fitness centers, wellness spaces and health clinics at certain Micron sites, money management and other financial education tools, and encouraging team members to form healthy habits, reduce stress, and reinforce mindfulness solutions by participating in well-being challenges and measuring their personal progress. We also provide family support for caregiving needs through various solutions, including on-site or near-site childcare centers, backup care support, and referral resources. 

We are a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”), a group of leading companies focused on promoting responsible working conditions, ethical business practices, and environmental stewardship throughout our global supply chain. We strive to adhere to both our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (available on our website, www.micron.com) and the RBA Code of Conduct, which is a demonstration of our commitment to integrity and responsible practices.

Additional information about our human capital is included in our 2025 Sustainability Report available on our website. Information contained or referenced on our website is not incorporated by reference and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

17 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Government Regulations

Our worldwide business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, and our products are governed by a number of rules and regulations and customer expectations. The efforts and expenditures needed to comply with these laws, rules, and regulations do not presently have a material impact on our results of operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future government laws, including, but not limited to, our operations, products, global trade, business acquisitions, employee health and safety, and taxes could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of these potential impacts.

Environmental Compliance

Manufacturing and sales of our products are subject to complex and evolving federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health, safety and product laws and regulations and expectations. We approach environmental compliance and sustainability proactively to ensure we meet applicable government regulations regarding use of raw materials and chemicals, discharges, emissions, climate change, and energy use, and waste disposal and management from our manufacturing processes. Our approach also considers the expectations of our investors, customers, team members, community members, and other stakeholders. Compliance with the law and other obligations is a minimum environmental expectation at Micron. Our wafer fabrication facilities conform to the requirements of the ISO 14001:2015 environmental management systems standard to ensure we are continuously improving our performance. As part of the ISO 14001 framework, we have established a global environmental, health, safety, and sustainability policy and meet requirements, such as environmental aspects evaluation and control, compliance obligations, commitment, training, communication, document control, operational control, emergency preparedness and response, and management review. While we have not experienced any material adverse effects to our operations from environmental regulations, changes in regulations could necessitate additional capital expenditures, modification of our operations or chemical usage, or other compliance actions.

Trade Regulations

Sales of our memory and storage products, and the transfer of related technical information and know-how, including support, are subject to laws and regulations governing international trade, including, but not limited to, export control, customs, and sanctions regulations administered by U.S. government agencies, such as the Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”) of the U.S. Department of Commerce and the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Other jurisdictions, such as the European Union or China, also maintain, or may implement, similar laws and regulations with which we must comply. Any such laws or regulations may require that we either obtain licenses or other authorizations to export certain of our products or sell them to certain countries, companies, or individuals, or, in the absence of such licenses or authorizations, not export or sell the applicable products or transfer the related technical information and know-how to the affected countries, companies, or individuals. In addition, increased tariffs imposed by the countries in which our products are sold can increase the cost of our product to our customers. The laws and regulations that govern international trade change frequently, sometimes without advance notice. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, “Risks Related to Laws and Regulations—Government actions and regulations, such as export restrictions, tariffs, and trade protection measures, may limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers or markets, or could otherwise restrict our ability to conduct operations.” and “Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry—We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.” We and/or our suppliers and service providers could be affected by tariffs, embargoes, or other trade restrictions, as well as laws and regulations enacted in response to concerns regarding climate change, conflict minerals, responsible sourcing practices, public health crises, or other matters, which could limit the supply of our materials and/or increase the cost.

 18

Table of Contents

Information About Our Executive Officers

Our executive officers are appointed annually by our Board of Directors and our directors are elected annually by our shareholders. All officers serve until their successors are duly chosen or elected and qualified, except in the case of earlier death, resignation, or removal.

The following presents information about our executive officers:

Scott R. Allen

Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer

Mr. Allen, 57, joined us in September 2020 as Corporate Vice President of Accounting. Mr. Allen was named Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer in October 2020. From August 2016 to September 2020, Mr. Allen held several executive roles at NetApp, Inc., including Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Allen holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Siena University (formerly Siena College).

April S. Arnzen

Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer

Ms. Arnzen, 54, joined us in December 1996 and has served in various leadership positions since that time. Ms. Arnzen was named Senior Vice President, Human Resources in June 2017, named Chief People Officer in October 2020, and named Executive Vice President in October 2023. Ms. Arnzen holds a BS in Human Resource Management and Marketing from the University of Idaho and is a graduate of the Stanford Graduate School of Business Executive Program.

Manish Bhatia

Executive Vice President, Global Operations

Mr. Bhatia, 53, joined us in October 2017 as our Executive Vice President, Global Operations. From May 2016 to October 2017, Mr. Bhatia served as the Executive Vice President of Silicon Operations at Western Digital Corporation. From March 2010 to May 2016, Mr. Bhatia held several executive roles at SanDisk Corporation, including Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations, until it was acquired by Western Digital in May 2016. Mr. Bhatia holds a BS and MS in Mechanical Engineering and an MBA, each from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Michael D. Cordano 

Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales

Mr. Cordano, 61, joined us in January 2025 as our Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Mr. Cordano served as Partner at Prime Impact Capital from September 2020 to December 2024 and as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Prime Impact Acquisition I from July 2020 to October 2023. Prior to that, from October 2015 to August 2020, Mr. Cordano served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Western Digital Corporation. Mr. Cordano holds a BS from the University of Colorado, Boulder.

Scott J. DeBoer

Executive Vice President, Chief Technology and Products Officer

Dr. DeBoer, 59, joined us in February 1995 and has served in various leadership positions since that time. Dr. DeBoer was named Executive Vice President, Technology Development in June 2017, named Executive Vice President, Technology & Products in September 2019, and named Executive Vice President, Chief Technology and Products Officer in October 2024. Dr. DeBoer holds a PhD in Electrical Engineering and an MS in Physics from Iowa State University. He completed his undergraduate degree at Hastings College.

19 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Sanjay Mehrotra

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Mehrotra, 67, joined us in May 2017 as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director. Mr. Mehrotra has served as Chairman of our Board of Directors since January 2025. Mr. Mehrotra co-founded and led SanDisk Corporation as a start-up in 1988 until its eventual sale in May 2016, serving as its President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2011 to May 2016, and as a member of its Board of Directors from July 2010 to May 2016. Mr. Mehrotra served as a member of the Board of Directors for Cavium, Inc. from July 2009 until July 2018 and for Western Digital Corp. from May 2016 to February 2017 and has served since March 2021 as a member of the Board of Directors of CDW Corporation. Mr. Mehrotra holds a BS and an MS in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley, and is a graduate of the Stanford Graduate School of Business Executive Program.

Mark J. Murphy

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Murphy, 58, joined us in April 2022 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From June 2016 to April 2022, Mr. Murphy served as the Chief Financial Officer of Qorvo, Inc. Prior to Qorvo, Mr. Murphy served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Delphi Automotive PLC, and prior to Delphi, held executive roles at Praxair, Inc. and MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc. Mr. Murphy currently serves on the Board of Directors of Albany International Corp. Mr. Murphy is a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps and holds an MBA from Harvard University and BS in Business from Marquette University.

Michael Ray

Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

Mr. Ray, 58, joined us in January 2024 as our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. From September 2000 to January 2024, Mr. Ray served as the Chief Legal Officer of Western Digital Corporation, and prior to that, held several leadership roles at Western Digital Corporation, including Senior Counsel, Assistant General Counsel, Vice President of Legal Services, and General Counsel. Mr. Ray holds a BA in Classics from Harvard College and a JD from Harvard Law School. 

Sumit Sadana

Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer

Mr. Sadana, 56, joined us in June 2017 as our Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer. From April 2010 to May 2016, Mr. Sadana served in various roles at SanDisk Corporation, including Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer, and General Manager, Enterprise Solutions, until it was acquired by Western Digital in May 2016. Mr. Sadana currently serves on the Board of Directors of Silicon Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Sadana holds a B.Tech. in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, India and an MS in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University.

There are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers.

 20

Table of Contents

Available Information

Our executive offices are located at 8000 South Federal Way, Boise, Idaho 83716-9632 and our telephone number is (208) 368-4000. Information about us is available on our website, www.micron.com. Also available on our website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Governance and Sustainability Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Audit Committee Charter, Finance Committee Charter, Security Committee Charter, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website within four business days of the amendment or waiver. Copies of these documents are available to shareholders upon request. Information contained or referenced on our website is not incorporated by reference and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Investors and others should note that we announce material, non-public financial information through a variety of means, including our investor relations website (investors.micron.com), filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), press releases, public conference calls, blog posts (micron.com/about/blog), posts on X (@MicronTech), and webcasts. We use these channels to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on such channels.

Our filings are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, including our annual and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports or statements. The SEC’s website, www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted.

21 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, this section discusses important factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us. The order of presentation is not necessarily indicative of the level of risk that each factor poses to us. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant.

Risk Factor Summary

Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry

•volatility in average selling prices of our products;

•a range of factors that may adversely affect our gross margins;

•our international operations, including geopolitical risks;

•the highly competitive nature of our industry;

•our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products;

•realizing expected returns from capacity expansions;

•achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and the compliance requirements associated with incentives from various governments;

•availability and quality of materials, supplies, electrical power, gas, water, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers;

•a downturn or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies;

•disruptions to our manufacturing process from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events;

•dependency on certain customers, including international customers, and end markets;

•products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are incompatible with end uses;

•breaches of our security systems or products, systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions of our systems or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners;

•uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of AI;

•attracting, retaining, and motivating highly skilled employees;

•responsible sourcing requirements and related regulations; 

•sustainability and governance expectations or standards;

•acquisitions and/or strategic transactions; and

•restructure plans may not realize expected savings or other benefits.

Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation

•protecting our intellectual property and retaining key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property;

•legal, regulatory and administrative investigations, inquiries, proceedings, and claims; and

•claims that our products or manufacturing processes infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others or failure to obtain or renew license agreements covering such intellectual property.

Risks Related to Laws and Regulations

•impacts of government actions and compliance with tariffs, trade restrictions, and/or trade regulations;

•tax expense and tax laws in key jurisdictions; and

•compliance with laws, regulations, or industry standards, including environmental considerations.

Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets

•our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing;

•our debt obligations;

•changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

•counterparty default risk;

•volatility in the trading price of our common stock; and

•fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our common stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends and resulting impacts.

 22

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry

Volatility in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory and storage products may adversely affect our business.

We have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. In the past five years, annual percentage changes in DRAM average selling prices have ranged from plus low 40% to a minus high 40% range. In the past five years, annual percentage changes in NAND average selling prices have ranged from plus low 30% to a minus low 50% range. In some prior periods, average selling prices for our products have been below our manufacturing costs and we may experience such circumstances in the future. In periods of significant declines in average selling prices for our products, we have experienced adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Significant declines in average selling prices in future periods could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our gross margins may be adversely affected by a range of factors.

In addition to the impact of our average selling prices, our gross margins are dependent, in part, upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce our per gigabit manufacturing costs at sufficient levels to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins include, but are not limited to:

•strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix;

•increasing complexity of our product portfolio, which may impact operational costs;

•increasing complexity of manufacturing processes;

•difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies or additional 3D memory layers or NAND cell levels; 

•process complexity including number of mask layers and fabrication steps; 

•manufacturing yield and defect density; 

•technological barriers; 

•changes in process technologies; 

•new products that may require relatively larger die sizes or advanced packaging technologies; 

•start-up or other costs associated with capacity expansions; 

•regional cost differences that may become more pronounced when we transition the manufacture of certain products within our global network;

•higher costs of goods and services due to, among other things, inflationary pressures, regulatory actions, including tariffs or trade restrictions, increased input costs, or market conditions; and 

•higher manufacturing costs per gigabit due to fabrication facility underutilization, lower wafer output, and insufficient volume to run new technology nodes to achieve cost optimization.

Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which have in the past and could in the future lead to underutilization of our production assets. These factors may include, among others, a weak demand environment, industry oversupply, inventory surpluses, difficulties in ramping emerging technologies, supply chain disruptions, and delays from equipment suppliers. A significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. As a result, lower utilization, lower wafer output, and corresponding increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs could result in higher inventory carrying costs, and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

We operate in a dynamic and rapidly evolving industry where the timeframes for product transitions, facility expansions, production ramps, and supply chain shifts are increasingly compressed. To remain competitive, we must continuously develop and implement new products and technologies and decrease manufacturing costs in spite of inflationary pressures and regulatory uncertainty. As we streamline our production and shift capacity to leading-edge nodes, we face execution risks that could impact our ability to meet customer demand and maintain market coverage. 

23 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

There can be no assurance we will be able to do the following:

•timely identify and address technology inflections and market changes;

•accurately forecast demand and inventory levels of our customers or distributors;

•timely ramp production as we transition our operations footprint to new fabrication facilities;

•maintain operational flexibility in response to unforeseen changes in customer demand; and

•maintain supply scalability during downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete as we streamline our product portfolio to drive further fabrication efficiencies.

Our ability to execute on multiple transitions simultaneously, while maintaining supply continuity, quality standards, and cost competitiveness, is critical to sustaining our market position. If we do not successfully anticipate technology inflections and respond to changes in customer requirements and market changes, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Any misalignment between forecasted and actual demand, or delays in ramping new technologies, could result in elevated inventory levels, underutilized capacity, and gross margin pressure.

We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers’ needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. Our manufacturing costs on a per gigabit basis vary across our portfolio as they are largely influenced by the technology node in which the solution was developed. We strive to balance our demand and supply for each technology node, but the dynamics of our markets and our customers can create periods of imbalance, which can lead us to carry elevated inventory levels and underutilized capacity. Consequently, we may incur charges in connection with obsolete or excess inventories, or we may not fully recover our costs, which would reduce our gross margins. In addition, due to the customized nature of certain products we manufacture, we may be unable to sell certain finished goods inventories to alternative customers or manufacture in-process inventory to different specifications, which may result in excess and obsolescence charges in future periods.

In addition, if we are unable to supply products that meet customer design and performance specifications, we may be required to sell such products at lower average selling prices, which may reduce our gross margins. Our gross margins may also be impacted by shifts in product mix, driven by our strategy to optimize our portfolio to best respond to changing market dynamics.

We may not be able to predict or quickly respond to trends in the dynamics of our markets and our customers or changes in customer demand, which could negatively impact our gross margin. Although AI is a relatively new demand driver for our products, it is evolving rapidly, and the expected timing and amount of investments related to AI can change significantly. As a result, it may be difficult to accurately forecast such demand and we may incur costs in anticipation of demand that ultimately does not materialize. If such demand does materialize, but is lower than expected, we may not be able to reduce our costs in response, which would adversely impact our gross margins. Our inability to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

In addition to our U.S. operations, a substantial portion of our operations are conducted in Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, Malaysia, China, and India, and many of our customers, suppliers, and vendors also operate internationally. In 2025, approximately one-third of our revenue was from sales to customers who have headquarters located outside the United States, while approximately 80% of our revenue in 2025 was from products shipped to customer locations outside the United States.

Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including:

•restrictions on sales of goods or services to one or more of our significant foreign customers;

•export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds, including currency controls and global tariffs, which could negatively affect the amount and timing of payments from certain of our customers and, as a result, our cash flows;

 24

Table of Contents

•compliance with U.S. and international laws involving international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, sanctions and anti-corruption laws, export and import laws, intellectual property, cybersecurity and data privacy laws, and similar rules and regulations;

•theft of intellectual property; 

•political and economic instability, including instability resulting from domestic and international conflicts;

•government actions or civil unrest preventing the flow of products and materials, including delays in shipping and obtaining products and materials, cancellation of orders, or loss or damage of products;

•public perception of governments in the regions where we operate;

•problems with the transportation or delivery of products and materials;

•issues arising from cultural or language differences and labor unrest;

•longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable;

•compliance with trade, technical standards, and other laws in a variety of jurisdictions;

•contractual and regulatory limitations on the ability to maintain flexibility with staffing levels;

•disruptions to manufacturing or R&D activities as a result of actions imposed by governments;

•changes in economic policies of foreign governments;

•loss of market share in foreign jurisdictions resulting from political and regulatory uncertainty regarding possible trade restrictions, domestic sourcing initiatives, or other government actions;

•difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and

•public health issues.

If we or our customers, suppliers, or vendors are impacted by any of these risks, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Following the May 2023 decision of its cybersecurity review of our products sold in China, the CAC determined that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products, impacting our revenue with companies headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, including direct sales as well as indirect sales through distributors. Further actions by the Chinese government, through CAC action or other means, could impact revenue inside or outside China, or our operations in China, or our ability to ship products to our customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

In addition, the U.S. government has in the past and continues to restrict American firms, including us, from selling products and software to certain of our customers and may in the future impose similar restrictions on one or more of our significant customers. We may not be able to fully prevent the unauthorized resale, diversion, or misuse of our products by third parties. These restrictions may not prohibit our competitors from selling similar products to our customers, which may result in a loss of sales and market share. Even as such restrictions are lifted, financial or other penalties or continuing export restrictions imposed with respect to our customers could have a continuing negative impact on our future revenue and results of operations, and we may not be able to recover any customers or market share we lose, or make such recoveries at acceptable average selling prices, while complying with such restrictions.

Political, economic, or other actions may adversely affect our operations in Taiwan. A majority of our DRAM production output in 2025 was from our fabrication facilities in Taiwan, and any loss of output could have a material adverse effect on us. Any political, economic, or other actions may also adversely affect our customers and the technology industry supply chain, for which Taiwan is a central hub, and as a result, could have a material adverse impact on us. 

25 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive.

We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SK hynix Inc.; Kioxia Holdings Corporation; Sandisk Corporation; ChangXin Memory Technologies, Inc. (“CXMT”); and Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. (“YMTC”). Our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may operate in jurisdictions with lower labor and compliance costs and may have a larger market share and greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Consolidation of industry competitors could put us at a competitive disadvantage as our competitors may benefit from increased manufacturing scale and a stronger product portfolio. Alternatively, new entrants into the memory and storage market could have a significant adverse impact on our competitive position. We operate in different jurisdictions than our competitors and may be impacted by unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates, import/export restrictions, and other trade regulations, including tariffs.

In addition, governments have provided, and may continue to provide, significant assistance, financial or otherwise, to some of our competitors or to new entrants and may intervene in support of national industries and/or competitors. As a result, we face the threat of increasing competition and DRAM and NAND oversupply due to significant investment in the semiconductor industry, including by the Chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities, such as CXMT and YMTC. In addition, the CAC’s decision that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products had an adverse impact on our ability to compete effectively in China and elsewhere.

We intend to advance our process technology to increase bit output per wafer, improve yields, and increase wafer supply. In addition, our competitors may increase capital expenditures resulting in future increases in worldwide supply. We, and some of our competitors, have plans to construct new fabrication facilities and/or ramp production at existing fabrication facilities. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Additionally, rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. If competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages. 

The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products.

Our key semiconductor memory and storage technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. These barriers include achieving acceptable yields and quality for HBM products with their multiple chip layers, potential limitations on stacking additional 3D memory layers, increasing bits per cell (i.e., cell levels), meeting higher density requirements, developing advanced packaging solutions, improving power consumption and reliability, and delivering advanced features and higher performance. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per gigabit cost. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products and process technologies, such as EUV lithography, to continue to deliver advanced product requirements. Such new technologies can add complexity and risk to our schedule and may affect our costs and production output. We may be unable to recover our investment in R&D or otherwise realize the economic benefits of reducing die size or increasing memory and storage densities. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Accordingly, our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies.

 26

Table of Contents

We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new semiconductor product and system-level solution development. We are increasingly differentiating our products and solutions to meet the specific demands of our customers, which increases our reliance on our customers’ ability to accurately forecast the needs and preferences of their customers. 

In addition, our ability to successfully introduce new products often requires us to make product specification decisions multiple years in advance of when new products enter the market. Recent technologies, such as generative AI models have emerged, and while they have driven increased demand for HBM and other advanced products in the data center and other markets, the long-term trajectory is unknown and associated demand may fluctuate. Due to the higher performance and more complex manufacturing process, HBM requires a higher number of wafers and more cleanroom space to produce the same number of bits as conventional DRAM in the same technology node. If demand for HBM weakens and suppliers shift capacity from HBM to conventional DRAM, this could result in a significant increase in conventional DRAM supply. An oversupplied DRAM market may lead to downward pressure on pricing, which could adversely impact our financial results.

Our product demand may also be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our customers. It is important that we deliver products in a timely manner that meet customer requirements at the time our customers are designing and evaluating samples for their products. If we do not meet their product design schedules, our customers may exclude us from further consideration as a supplier for those products. The process to develop new products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality, performance, and reliability, often well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure design wins with our customers. Many factors may negatively impact our ability to meet anticipated timelines and/or expected or required quality standards with respect to the development of certain of our products. In addition, some of our components have long lead-times, requiring us to place orders up to a year in advance of anticipated demand. Such long lead-times increase the risk of excess inventory or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand.

There can be no assurance of the following:

•we will be successful in developing competitive new semiconductor memory and storage technologies and products;

•we will be able to cost-effectively manufacture new products;

•we will be able to successfully achieve revenue targets for these technologies;

•margins and cash flows generated from sales of these products will allow us to recover costs of development efforts;

•we will be able to establish or maintain key relationships with customers, or that we will not be prohibited from working with certain customers, for specific chip set or design requirements;

•we will accurately predict and design products that meet our customers’ specifications; or

•we will be able to introduce new products into the market and qualify them with our customers on a timely basis.

Unsuccessful efforts to develop new memory and storage technologies and products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

We may not be able to achieve expected returns from capacity expansions.

We have commenced expansion of our production capacity in the United States and in other regions where we operate. Semiconductor fabs are complex, capital-intensive projects and require specialized knowledge, expertise, experience, and skill sets to construct and operate. 

Our construction projects are highly dependent on available sources of materials, and specialized equipment, as well as labor, skilled sub-contractors and other service providers. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, tariffs, trade restrictions, and other market conditions could result in shortages and higher costs. Additionally, difficulties in obtaining labor, skilled sub-contractors and other service providers or other resources could result in delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, including costs to operate these facilities. 

In the United States and in certain other regions, fab building has been uncommon in recent years. Concurrent semiconductor expansion projects across the industry introduce significant competition for the limited pool of 

27 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

construction talent with requisite expertise and experience in these regions. As such, expanding production capacity in the United States and certain other regions may introduce more challenges than we would experience in geographies with more established ecosystems.

In addition, these expansions involve several risks including the following:

•inability to meet capital expenditure requirements for capacity expansions, including during periods of relatively low free cash flow generation, resulting from challenging memory and storage industry conditions; 

•unavailability of necessary funding, which may include external sources;

•inability to realize expected grants, investment tax credits, and other government incentives, including through the CHIPS Act and other national, international, state, and local grants;

•potential changes in laws or provisions of grants, investment tax credits, and other government incentives, including the CHIPS Act;

•delays and potential restrictions related to environmental and other government regulations or permits; 

•potential restrictions on expanding in certain geographies;

•inability to complete construction as scheduled and within budget;

•inability to attract, retain and motivate key talent;

•inability to timely ramp production in a cost-effective manner; 

•increases to our cost structure until new production is ramped to adequate scale; and

•insufficient customer demand to utilize our increased capacity.

From time to time, we have experienced impacts from certain of the above items and, because these risks are a characteristic of our business, we expect to experience them in the future. Depending on the nature and extent of the impact from these risks, we may be unable to produce sufficient capacity in the expected timeframe which could result in delays in the completion of our construction projects and increased costs, including costs to operate these facilities.

We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers’ needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. We invest our capital in areas that we believe best align with our business strategy and optimize future returns. Investments in capital expenditures may not generate expected returns or cash flows. Significant judgment is required to determine which capital investments will result in optimal returns, and we could invest in projects that are ultimately less profitable than those projects we do not select. Our strategic decision-making process involves careful evaluation and prioritization of investments to ensure alignment with our long-term goals. Additionally, we may choose to exit business segments that do not provide us with optimal returns. As we streamline our product portfolio, we may face execution risks that could impact our ability to support demand and maintain share in certain markets. Further, as we continue to optimize the efficiency of our fabrication facilities to support demand from leading edge notes, any delays in completion and ramping of new production facilities, or failure to optimize our investment choices, could significantly impact our ability to realize expected returns on our capital expenditures.

Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

 28

Table of Contents

Our incentives from various governments are conditioned upon achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and satisfying compliance requirements and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback, and could impose certain limitations on our business. 

We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, benefits and incentives from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world designed to encourage us to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, research and development, or production in those regions. However, there is no guarantee that such government incentives and benefits will continue to be available in the future on the same terms, terms that are acceptable to us or at all and existing incentives could be modified or terminated by government authorities. In addition, we have discretion in the timing of use of certain of these incentives. If we choose to exercise such discretion due to the cyclicality of our business or other factors, we may not be able to fully utilize these incentives. Our future business plans may be impacted by obtaining these government incentives, which may take various forms, including grants, subsidies, loans, and tax arrangements, and typically require us to achieve or maintain certain levels of investment, capital spending, employment, technology deployment or development milestones, construction or production milestones, or research and development activities to qualify for such incentives or could restrict us from undertaking certain activities. We may fail to achieve these milestones, in a timely manner or at all, due to a variety of factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including a cyclical downturn in our business or global downturn. Failure to achieve such milestones could result in up to all of certain incentives being clawed back, in some cases along with interest and/or loss of project assets. In some cases, these incentives have additional terms and conditions regarding our business operations or governance that are required to be satisfied as a condition to receive incentives or disbursements. Compliance with these terms and conditions may add complexity to our operations and increase our costs and failure to comply could result in termination of incentive programs or clawbacks of incentive amounts received, in some cases along with interest and/or loss of project assets.

We may be unable to obtain sufficient future incentives to continue to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and operating costs, without which our cost structure may be adversely impacted and planned capital expenditures and research and development expenditures may be affected. For example, in December 2024, we entered into direct funding agreements, providing funds for the construction of fab facilities in Idaho and New York, with the United States Department of Commerce (the “Department”) under the Department’s CHIPS Incentives Program established pursuant to the CHIPS Act. In June 2025, such agreements were subsequently amended to expand our investments, and we entered into a direct funding agreement to provide funds to expand and modernize our fab in Virginia. The awards under the direct funding agreements are subject to various conditions and we may not receive the funding expected on the same terms or at all. We cannot guarantee that we will successfully achieve or maintain outcomes or satisfy the compliance requirements to qualify for these incentives or that the granting agencies will provide or continue to provide such funding. See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 20. Government Incentives.

These incentive arrangements, including the funding agreements, typically provide the granting agencies with rights to audit our compliance with their terms and obligations. Such audits could result in modifications to, or termination of, the applicable incentive program. In addition, the incentives we receive, including the funding agreements, are in some cases subject to reduction, termination, or clawback under certain circumstances, and any decrease or clawback of government incentives could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

29 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected by the availability and quality of materials, supplies, electrical power, gas, water, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers.

Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We generally have multiple sources of supply for our materials and services. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain materials, components, and services that meet our standards and, in some cases, materials, components, or services are provided by a single or sole source, and we may be unable to qualify new suppliers on a timely basis. The availability of materials or components, such as chemicals, silicon wafers, gases, photoresists, semiconductors, substrates, lead frames, printed circuit boards, targets, and reticle glass blanks is impacted by various factors. These factors could include a shortage of raw materials or a disruption in the processing or purification of those raw materials into finished goods. Shortages or increases in lead times have occurred in the past, are currently occurring with respect to some materials and components, and may occur from time to time in the future because of the nature of the industry. Constraints within our supply chain for certain materials and integrated circuit components could limit our bit shipments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers of controllers, analog integrated circuits, and other components used in some of our products and with outsourced semiconductor foundries, assembly and test providers, contract manufacturers, logistics carriers, and other service providers, including providers of maintenance for our advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment and providers of electricity and other utilities. Although we have certain long-term contracts with some of our suppliers, many of these contracts do not provide for long-term capacity or pricing commitments. To the extent we do not have firm commitments from our third-party suppliers over a specific time period or for any specific capacity, quantity, and/or pricing, our suppliers may allocate capacity to their other customers and capacity and/or materials may not be available when needed or at reasonable prices. Inflationary pressures may continue to increase costs for materials, supplies, and services. Regardless of contract structure, large swings in demand may exceed our contracted supply and/or our suppliers’ capacity to meet those demand changes, resulting in a shortage of parts, materials, or capacity needed to manufacture our products. In periods of shortage, we may be required to incur increased costs in order to meet our contractual commitments and demand from our customers or experience a decrease in revenue. In addition, if any of our suppliers were to cease operations or become insolvent, this could impact their ability to provide us with necessary supplies, and we may not be able to obtain the needed supply in a timely manner or at all from other providers.

Certain materials are primarily available in a limited number of countries, including rare earth elements, minerals, and metals. Trade disputes, geopolitical tensions, economic circumstances, political conditions, or public health issues may limit our ability to obtain such materials. Although these rare earth and other materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, China is a predominant producer of these materials. China has in the past restricted export of certain of these materials and may in the future continue to restrict, expand restrictions, or stop exporting these or other materials, and as a result, our suppliers’ ability to obtain such supply may be constrained, and we may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities, or obtain supply in a timely manner or at a commercially reasonable cost. Constrained supply of rare earth elements, minerals, and metals may restrict our ability to manufacture certain of our products and make it difficult or impossible to compete with other semiconductor memory and storage manufacturers who are able to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials from China.

We and/or our suppliers and service providers could be affected by regional conflicts, acts of war, civil unrest, labor disruptions, sanctions, tariffs, embargoes, or other trade restrictions, and retaliatory actions in response to such actions, as well as laws and regulations enacted in response to concerns regarding climate change, conflict minerals, responsible sourcing practices, public health crises, or other matters, which could limit the supply of our materials and/or increase the cost. Environmental regulations could limit our ability to procure or use certain chemicals or materials in our operations or products. In addition, disruptions in transportation lines could delay our receipt of materials. Our ability to procure components to repair equipment essential for our manufacturing processes could also be negatively impacted by various restrictions or disruptions in supply chains, among other items. The disruption of our supply of materials, components, or services, or the extension of our lead times could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

 30

Table of Contents

Our operations are dependent on a reliable and uninterrupted supply of electrical power, gas, and water to our manufacturing facilities. Any power shortages, capacity constraints, prolonged outages, or significant or unexpected increases in the cost of power could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. For certain key types of equipment, including photolithography tools, we are sometimes dependent on a single supplier. From time to time, we have experienced difficulties in obtaining some equipment on a timely basis due to suppliers’ limited capacity. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. Delays in obtaining equipment could also impede our ability to ramp production and could increase our overall costs of a ramp. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, and other market conditions could result in increasing shortages and higher costs for these items. Difficulties in obtaining these resources could result in delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Our inability to source materials, supplies, capital equipment, or third-party services could affect our overall production output and our ability to fulfill customer demand. Significant or prolonged shortages of our products could halt customer manufacturing and damage our relationships with these customers. Any damage to our customer relationships as a result of a shortage of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Similarly, if our customers experience disruptions to their supplies, materials, components, or services, or the extension of their lead times, they may reduce, cancel, or alter the timing of their purchases with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Downturns or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies may harm our business.

Downturns or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies, due to inflation, geopolitics, changes in government borrowing or spending, trade disputes, war, major central bank policy actions including interest rate increases, public health crises, or other factors, have harmed our business in the past and current and future downturns could also adversely affect our business. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products, such as personal computers, smartphones, automobiles, and servers. Reduced demand for memory and storage products could result in significant decreases in our average selling prices and product sales. In addition, to the extent our customers or distributors have elevated inventory levels or are impacted by a deterioration in credit markets, we may experience a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand resulting in industry oversupply and declines in pricing for our products.

A deterioration of conditions in regional or worldwide credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. In addition, we may experience losses on our holdings of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other parties. Difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivable due to credit defaults. Additionally, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay, or cancel plans to purchase our products. Any inability of our current or potential future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. As a result, downturns or ongoing adverse conditions in regional or worldwide economies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

If our manufacturing process is disrupted by operational issues, natural disasters, or other events, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

We and our subcontractors manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production and may 

31 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

increase our per gigabit manufacturing costs. We and our subcontractors maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries including the United States, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Malaysia, China, and India. As a result of the necessary interdependence within our network of manufacturing facilities, an operational disruption at one of our or a subcontractor’s facilities may have a disproportionate impact on our ability to produce many of our products.

From time to time, there have been disruptions in our manufacturing operations as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment and facilities, disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, or equipment failures. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences and possible climate changes, such as severe and variable weather and geological events resulting in increased costs, or disruptions to our manufacturing operations or those of our suppliers or customers. In addition, climate change may pose physical risks to our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers’ facilities, including increased extreme weather events that could result in supply delays or disruptions. Other events, including political or public health crises, such as an outbreak of contagious diseases, may also affect our production capabilities or that of our suppliers, including as a result of quarantines, closures of production facilities, lack of supplies, or delays caused by restrictions on travel or shipping. Events of the types noted above have occurred from time to time and, because these risks are a characteristic of our business, they may occur in the future. As a result, in addition to disruptions to operations, our insurance premiums may increase or we may not be able to fully recover any sustained losses through insurance.

If production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, or we may be unable to meet our customers’ requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenue, or damage to customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated with certain customers and end markets.

In 2025, over half of our total revenue came from our top ten customers. Among our end markets, approximately one-half of our total revenue was concentrated in the data center end market. A disruption in our relationship with any of our top customers or a significant decrease in demand for our data center products, or in the overall data center end market, could adversely affect our business. We could experience fluctuations in our customer base or the mix of revenue by customer or end market, as markets and strategies evolve. Demand for our products may fluctuate due to factors beyond our control. Our inability to qualify our products to meet customer or end market requirements could adversely impact our revenue. A meaningful change in inventory strategy by our top customers or in certain end markets could impact our industry bit demand growth outlook. In addition, any consolidation of our customers or consolidation of significant end markets could limit the opportunity for sale of our products. The loss of, or restrictions on our ability to sell to, one or more of our major customers or in certain end markets, or any significant reduction in orders or a shift in product mix, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 28. Certain Concentrations.

Increases in sales of system solutions may increase our dependency upon specific customers and our costs to develop, qualify, and manufacture our system solutions.

Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully meeting our customers’ specifications for those products. Developing and manufacturing system-level products with specifications unique to a customer increases our reliance upon that customer for purchasing our products at sufficient volumes and prices in a timely manner. Even if our products meet customer specifications, our sales of system-level solutions are dependent upon our customers choosing our products over those of our competitors and purchasing our products at sufficient volumes and prices. Our competitors’ products may be less costly, provide better performance, or include additional features when compared to our products. Our long-term ability to sell system-level memory and storage products is reliant upon our customers’ ability to create, market, and sell their products containing our system-level solutions at sufficient volumes and prices in a timely manner. If we fail to successfully develop and market system-level products, our business, results of operations, or financial condition may be materially adversely affected.

 32

Table of Contents

Manufacturing system-level solutions, such as SSDs, managed NAND, and HBM, typically results in higher per-unit manufacturing costs and longer cycle time as compared to other products. Even if we are successful in selling system-level solutions to our customers in sufficient volume, we may be unable to generate sufficient profit if our per-unit manufacturing costs are not offset by higher per-unit selling prices. Manufacturing system-level solutions to customer specifications requires a longer development cycle, as compared to discrete products, to design, test, and qualify, which may increase our costs. Some of our system-level solutions are increasingly dependent on sophisticated firmware that may require significant customization to meet customer specifications, which increases our costs and time to market. Additionally, we may need to update our controller and hardware design as well as our firmware or develop new firmware as a result of new product introductions or changes in customer specifications and/or industry standards, which increases our costs. System complexities and extended warranties for system-level products could also increase our warranty costs. Our failure to cost-effectively manufacture system-level solutions and/or controller, hardware design, and firmware in a timely manner may result in reduced demand for our system-level products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us.

Products that do not meet specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain, defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. From time to time, we experience problems with non-conforming, defective, or incompatible products after we have shipped such products. In recent periods, we have further diversified and expanded our product offerings, which could potentially increase the chance that one or more of our products could fail to meet specifications in a particular application. Our products and solutions may be deemed fully or partially responsible for functionality in our customers’ products and may result in sharing or shifting of product or financial liability from our customers to us for costs incurred by the end user as a result of our customers’ products failing to perform as specified. In addition, if our products and solutions perform critical functions in our customers’ products or are used in high-risk consumer end products, such as autonomous driver assistance programs, home and enterprise security, smoke and noxious gas detectors, medical monitoring equipment, or wearables for child and elderly safety, our potential liability may increase. We could be adversely affected in several ways, including the following:

•we may be required or agree to compensate customers for costs incurred or damages caused by defective or incompatible products and to replace products;

•we could incur a decrease in revenue or adjustment to pricing commensurate with the reimbursement of such costs or alleged damages; 

•we could be required to indemnify our customers or end users or we may face other claims, including litigation, which could result in increased costs in defending ourselves and/or paying resulting damages; and

•we may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of our products or harm our reputation or relationships with existing or potential customers.

Any of the foregoing items could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Breaches of our security systems or products, systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our systems or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners, could expose us to losses.

We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities. We also manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. In addition, we process, store, and transmit data relating to our customers, suppliers, and employees, including sensitive personal information. Unauthorized persons, employees, former employees, nation states, or other parties may gain access to our facilities or technology infrastructure and systems through fraudulent means and may steal trade secrets or other proprietary information, compromise confidential information, create system disruptions, or have other impacts. This risk is exacerbated as competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, attempt to hire our employees. Through cyberattacks on technology infrastructure and systems, unauthorized parties may obtain access to computer systems, networks, and data, including cloud-based platforms. Our technology infrastructure and systems and that 

33 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, cloud solution providers, and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such attacks, which could impact our operations. Cyberattacks can include ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, zero-day attacks, supply chain attacks, “phishing” and other forms of social engineering, exploitation of open source software vulnerabilities, and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including those using techniques that change frequently or may be disguised or difficult to detect, or designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, impersonation of authorized users, and efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, “bugs,” security vulnerabilities, as well as intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges. The emergence and maturation of AI capabilities may also lead to new and/or more sophisticated methods of attack. Globally, cyberattacks are increasing in number and the attackers are increasingly organized and well-financed, or supported by state actors, and are developing increasingly sophisticated systems to not only attack, but also to evade detection. In addition, geopolitical tensions or conflicts may create a heightened risk of cyberattacks. Breaches of our physical security, including break-ins, sabotage or vandalism, attacks on our technology infrastructure and systems, security breaches or incidents, or attacks on our customers, suppliers, or business partners who maintain or otherwise process confidential or sensitive information regarding us and our customers and suppliers, could result in damage to, or loss, disruption, or unavailability of data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure, destruction, loss, or other processing of confidential or sensitive information. In addition, our systems and those of our third-party vendors may experience service interruptions, data loss or compromise and outages, for other reasons, including human error, pandemics, fires, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks and other geopolitical unrest, computer viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software, changes in social, political, or regulatory conditions or in laws and policies, or other changes or events.

Any such event, or the perception it has occurred, may result in significant losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers and may expose us to claims, demands, and litigation.

Products and the systems and applications that incorporate or otherwise utilize our products are also targets for cyberattacks. While some of our products contain encryption, security algorithms, or features designed to help protect third-party content, user-generated data stored on our products, or the functionality of our products as intended, systems and applications that utilize these products could be compromised, breached, or circumvented by motivated attackers. Further, our products contain sophisticated hardware, firmware and software (some of which is provided by third parties) that may contain weaknesses or defects in design or manufacture, including “bugs” and other problems that could interfere with the intended operation of our products or be potentially exploited by such attackers. If systems or applications that utilize our products experience a cyberattack, our products are attacked, or our suppliers, third-party service providers, cloud solution providers, or sub-processors, are breached or attacked, this could harm our business by requiring us to employ additional resources to remediate the errors or defects, and could expose us to litigation, claims, and harm to our reputation.

We cannot be certain that any applicable insurance coverage we maintain will be adequate or otherwise protect us with respect to claims, expenses, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, litigation, regulatory actions, or other impacts arising from security breaches or incidents, or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any of the foregoing security risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

New and evolving laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity, data privacy, digital products, and AI impose requirements for information confidentiality, integrity, availability, personal and proprietary data collection, storage, use, sharing, deletion, and AI systems to be appropriately transparent, fair, secure, responsibly deployed, and accountable. Along with these laws and regulations, standards and market expectations could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or partners reluctance to share information or solutions due to actual or perceived inadequate controls. As a result of these considerations, we could experience a reduction of production or sales

[... truncated at 60,000 chars — see source URL for full text ...]

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended August 28, 2025. All period references are to our fiscal periods unless otherwise indicated. Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Thursday closest to August 31. Fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 each contained 52 weeks. All tabular dollar amounts are in millions, except per share amounts.

Overview

For an overview of our business, see Part I, Item 1. Business, Overview.

Industry Conditions

AI-driven demand is accelerating and is outpacing industry supply. In 2025, we benefited from substantial improvements in DRAM pricing, volumes and margins as compared to 2024, reflecting strong demand growth, driven in part by the continued advancement of AI. During 2025, we shifted a portion of our DRAM supply to the data center and hyperscale cloud markets to meet the strong demand fueled by AI, with emphasis on HBM products, resulting in a revenue mix weighted more prominently toward segments experiencing higher growth. The pivot to higher-growth segments, together with our strong execution, robust overall industry DRAM demand, and constrained supply, has led to improved profitability across our DRAM portfolio. In 2025, NAND revenue increased from 2024 on higher bit shipments due to demand growth. The 2025 NAND gross margin percentage increased from 2024 due to cost reductions. We continue to prudently manage our NAND business to ensure we align our supply growth and technology node cadence with our projections of the demand environment.

Throughout 2024, we experienced substantial improvements in pricing and margins due to improving market conditions as compared to 2023. Increasing demand growth, driven in part by deployment of AI and mostly normal customer inventories, combined with industry-wide supply discipline, resulted in an industry supply and demand balance that substantially improved from downturn conditions in memory and storage markets during 2023. In connection with improved market conditions in 2024, we reinstated our bonuses and phased out certain other temporary cost-saving measures that were implemented in 2023. 

In 2023, China’s Cyberspace Administration (the “CAC”) conducted a cybersecurity review of our products sold in China and decided that our products presented a cybersecurity risk. The CAC determined that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products. The CAC decision has impacted our business, particularly in the domestic data center and networking markets in China, and we have been working to mitigate that impact.

51 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Results of Operations

Consolidated Results

For the year ended202520242023

Revenue$37,378 100 %$25,111 100 %$15,540 100 %

Cost of goods sold22,505 60 %19,498 78 %16,956 109 %

Gross margin14,873 40 %5,613 22 %(1,416)(9)%

Research and development3,798 10 %3,430 14 %3,114 20 %

Selling, general, and administrative1,205 3 %1,129 4 %920 6 %

Restructure and asset impairments39 — %1 — %171 1 %

Other operating (income) expense, net
61 — %(251)(1)%124 1 %

Operating income (loss)9,770 26 %1,304 5 %(5,745)(37)%

Interest income (expense), net19 — %(33)— %80 1 %

Other non-operating income (expense), net
(135)— %(31)— %7 — %

Income tax (provision) benefit
(1,124)(3)%(451)(2)%(177)(1)%

Equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees
9 — %(11)— %2 — %

Net income (loss)$8,539 23 %$778 3 %$(5,833)(38)%

Total Revenue: Total revenue was impacted by the factors described in the section titled “Industry Conditions” above. These conditions drove substantial improvements in average selling prices throughout 2025 and 2024.

Total revenue for 2025 increased 49% as compared to 2024 primarily due to increases in sales of both DRAM and NAND products.

•Sales of DRAM products increased 62% primarily due to a low-40% range increase in average selling prices and a mid-teen percentage increase in bit shipments.

•Sales of NAND products increased 18% primarily due to a high-teen percentage increase in bit shipments.

Total revenue for 2024 increased 62% as compared to 2023 primarily due to increases in sales of both DRAM and NAND products.

•Sales of DRAM products increased 60% primarily due to a mid-40% range increase in bit shipments and a low-teen percentage range increase in average selling prices.

•Sales of NAND products increased 72% primarily due to a low-30% range increase in bit shipments and a low-30% percentage range increase in average selling prices.

Consolidated Gross Margin: Our consolidated gross margin has been impacted by the factors described in the section titled “Industry Conditions” above and the effects of 2023 inventory write-downs on our 2024 and 2023 gross margin, as detailed in the table below. Our consolidated gross margin percentage improved to 40% for 2025 from 22% for 2024 as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products. DRAM margins improved primarily due to increases in average selling prices, an increased mix of higher-margin products, including HBM, and manufacturing cost reductions driven by improvements in product and process technology. NAND margins improved primarily due to manufacturing cost reductions. Our consolidated gross margin for 2024 reflected $987 million of benefit due to lower costs from the sale of inventories written down to their net realizable value in 2023 (as detailed in “Inventory NRV Write-Downs” below).

Our consolidated gross margin percentage improved to 22% for 2024 from negative 9% for 2023 as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products, primarily due to increases in average selling prices, manufacturing cost reductions, the effects of charges to write down inventories to their NRV in 2023, and lower costs in 2024 from the sale of inventories written down in 2023 (as detailed in “Inventory NRV Write-Downs” below).

 52

Table of Contents

Inventory NRV Write-Downs: Our consolidated gross margin was impacted by charges in 2023 to write down inventories to their estimated NRV as a result of declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND. As charges to write down inventories are recorded in advance of when inventories are sold, costs of goods sold in subsequent periods were lower than they otherwise would be. The impact of inventory NRV write-downs for each period reflects (1) inventory write-downs in that period, offset by (2) lower costs in that period on the sale of inventory written down in prior periods. The impacts of inventory NRV write-downs are summarized below:

For the year ended202520242023

Provision to write down inventory to NRV
$— $— $(1,831)

Lower costs from sale of inventory written down in prior periods
— 987 844 

$— $987 $(987)

Revenue by Business Unit

For the year ended202520242023

CMBU
$13,524 36 %$3,792 15 %$1,872 12 %

CDBU
7,229 19 %4,984 20 %2,124 14 %

MCBU
11,859 32 %11,667 46 %7,394 48 %

AEBU
4,753 13 %4,631 18 %4,139 27 %

All other
13 — %37 — %11 — %

 $37,378 $25,111 $15,540 

Percentages of total revenue may not total 100% due to rounding.

Changes in revenue for each business unit for 2025 as compared to 2024 were as follows:

•CMBU revenue increased 257% primarily due to increases in DRAM bit shipments and average selling prices driven by accelerating AI demand in cloud server markets for HBM, high-capacity dual in-line memory modules (“DIMMS”), and low-power server DRAM. During 2025, CMBU revenue benefited from a shift of our DRAM supply to meet the strong demand in high-value data center markets.

•CDBU revenue increased 45% primarily due to increases in average selling prices for both data center DRAM and NAND and NAND bit shipments due to increased demand for data center SSDs.

•MCBU revenue increased 2% primarily due to increases in DRAM and NAND revenue. Increases in MCBU DRAM sales due to higher average selling prices were partially offset by decreases in bit shipments as MCBU product supply was constrained to meet demand from higher-value segments. Increases in NAND sales due to higher bit shipments were partially offset by decreases in NAND average selling prices.

•AEBU revenue increased 3% primarily due to increases in DRAM and NAND bit shipments, partially offset by declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND as a result of pricing pressure for certain legacy products.

Changes in revenue for each business unit for 2024 as compared to 2023 were as follows:

•CMBU revenue increased 103% driven by increases in DRAM bit shipments and average selling prices.

•CDBU revenue increased 135% primarily due to increases in NAND and DRAM bit shipments and average selling prices.

•MCBU revenue increased 58% primarily due to increases in DRAM and NAND bit shipments and average selling prices for both mobile and client markets.

•AEBU revenue increased 12% primarily due to increases in DRAM bit shipments, partially offset by declines in average selling prices.

53 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Operating Income (Loss) by Business Unit

For the year ended202520242023

CMBU
$6,129 45 %$244 6 %$(768)(41)%

CDBU
2,180 30 %255 5 %(563)(27)%

MCBU
1,981 17 %(1)— %(3,189)(43)%

AEBU
557 12 %432 9 %680 16 %

All other
(1)(8)%18 49 %8 73 %

 $10,846 $948 $(3,832)

Percentages reflect operating income (loss) as a percentage of revenue for each business unit.

Changes in operating income or loss for each business unit for 2025 as compared to 2024 were as follows:

•CMBU operating income increased primarily due to higher bit shipments and increases in average selling prices driven by robust AI demand in cloud server markets, particularly for HBM, DIMMs, and low-power server DRAM products. CMBU operating income benefited from a shift of our DRAM supply to meet the strong demand in high-value data center markets. These improvements were partially offset by higher R&D expenses.

•CDBU operating income increased primarily due to increases in data center average selling prices, higher bit shipments, and manufacturing cost reductions.

•MCBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to increases in DRAM average selling prices, manufacturing cost reductions, and higher NAND bit shipments, partially offset by decreases in NAND average selling prices. MCBU operating income (loss) was also adversely impacted by decreases in DRAM bit shipments as MCBU product supply was constrained to meet demand from higher-value segments.

•AEBU operating income increased primarily due to manufacturing cost reductions and higher bit shipments, partially offset by declines in average selling prices.

Changes in operating income or loss for each business unit for 2024 as compared to 2023 were as follows:

•CMBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to higher bit shipments, increases in average selling prices, and manufacturing cost reductions.

•CDBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to higher NAND and DRAM bit shipments, increases in average selling prices, and manufacturing cost reductions, partially offset by higher R&D expenses.

•MCBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to increases in average selling prices, higher bit shipments, and manufacturing cost reductions.

•AEBU operating income decreased primarily due to declines in average selling prices, partially offset by manufacturing cost reductions and higher bit shipments.

Operating Expenses and Other

Research and Development: R&D expenses vary primarily with the number of development and pre-qualification wafers processed and end-product solutions developed, personnel costs, and the cost of advanced equipment dedicated to new product and process development. Because of the lead times necessary to manufacture our products, we typically begin to process wafers before completion of performance and reliability testing. Development of a product is deemed complete when it is qualified through internal reviews and tests for performance, functionality, and reliability. R&D expenses can vary significantly depending on the timing of product qualification and product specifications. 

R&D expenses for 2025 increased 11% as compared to 2024 primarily due to increases in employee compensation, depreciation expense, and higher volumes of development and pre-qualification wafers. R&D expenses for 2024 increased 10% as compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and higher volumes of development and pre-qualification wafers, partially offset by an increase in government incentives.

Selling, General, and Administrative: SG&A expenses for 2025 increased 7% as compared to 2024 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and professional services. SG&A expenses for 2024 increased 23% as compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation. 

 54

Table of Contents

Interest Income (Expense), Net: Interest income (expense) improved in 2025 as compared to 2024 primarily due to decreases in interest expense as a result of increased capitalized interest driven by higher levels of building construction, partially offset by decreases in interest income due to lower interest rates on our cash and investments. Interest income (expense) deteriorated for 2024 as compared to 2023 primarily due to increases in interest expense as a result of higher interest rates on our debt, partially offset by increases in interest income due to higher interest rates on our cash and investments.

Income Taxes: Our income tax (provision) benefit consisted of the following:

For the year ended202520242023

Income (loss) before taxes$9,654 $1,240 $(5,658)

Income tax (provision) benefit(1,124)(451)(177)

Effective tax rate11.6 %36.4 %(3.1)%

The change in our effective tax rate for 2025 as compared to 2024, and for 2024 as compared to 2023, were primarily due to changes in profitability. Despite a consolidated pre-tax loss on a worldwide basis in 2023, we had taxes payable in certain geographies due to minimum taxable income reportable in those geographies. 

We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside the United States, including Singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements. These incentives expire, in whole or in part, at various dates through 2034 and are conditional, in part, upon meeting certain business operations and employment thresholds. The effect of tax incentive arrangements reduced our tax provision by $1.05 billion (benefiting our diluted earnings per share by $0.93) for 2025. As a result of the low level of profitability and the jurisdictional mix of income, the benefit from tax incentive arrangements was not material for 2024 or 2023.

On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) was enacted, introducing broad changes to the U.S. tax code, including modifications to corporate and international tax provisions, which primarily are effective for us beginning in 2026 and 2027. The aggregate impact of the OBBBA remains uncertain. We will continue to monitor future developments, including regulatory guidance and interpretations, which could have a material impact. Further changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit-shifting project, including Pillar Two Model Rules (“Pillar Two”), undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. On November 27, 2024, Singapore enacted legislation to implement Pillar Two, which will apply to us starting in 2026. We continue to monitor for additional guidance and legislative changes related to Pillar Two in the jurisdictions where we operate.

Various tax reforms are being considered in multiple jurisdictions that, if enacted, contain provisions that could materially impact our tax expense. We continue to monitor the potential impact of these various tax reform proposals to our overall global effective tax rate and financial statements.

Other: Further information can be found in the following notes contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements:

•Note 12. Debt

•Note 18. Equity Compensation Plans

•Note 22. Restructure and Asset Impairments

•Note 23. Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net 

•Note 24. Other Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net

•Note 25. Income Taxes

55 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. Cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. Cash and marketable investments totaled $11.94 billion as of August 28, 2025, and $9.15 billion as of August 29, 2024. Our cash and investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. To mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and by policy generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor. As of August 28, 2025, $5.20 billion of our cash and marketable investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries.

We continuously evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect to engage in a variety of financing transactions, from time to time, for such purposes, as well as to refinance our existing indebtedness, including the issuance of securities. As of August 28, 2025, $3.50 billion was available to draw under our Revolving Credit Facility. Funding of certain significant capital projects is also dependent on the receipt of government incentives. Our incentives are conditioned upon achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and satisfying compliance requirements and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback.

To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We estimate capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, net of proceeds from government incentives, to be approximately $4.5 billion in first quarter of 2026. While quarterly expenditures may fluctuate, this level serves as a reasonable quarterly baseline for the planned capital expenditures for 2026. Actual amounts for 2026 will vary depending on market conditions and may vary from quarter to quarter due to the timing of expenditures and proceeds from government incentives. As of August 28, 2025, we had purchase obligations of approximately $1.77 billion for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, substantially all of which is expected to be paid within one year. For a description of other contractual obligations, such as leases, debt, and commitments, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9. Leases, as well as Note 12. Debt and Note 13. Commitments. 

In addition to the supply capacity we generate through our proprietary product and process technology that increases bit density per wafer, we will need to add new DRAM wafer capacity to support projected memory demand in the second half of the decade. Following the enactment of the CHIPS Act, we announced plans to invest in leading-edge memory manufacturing sites in Idaho and New York, based on CHIPS Act support through grants and investment tax credits. 

As part of this plan, in September 2022, we broke ground on a leading-edge memory manufacturing fab in Boise, Idaho. Construction of the fab began in October 2023, with first DRAM wafer output projected in the second half of calendar 2027. In June 2025, in connection with certain amendments to our CHIPS Act agreements, we announced plans for a second leading-edge memory manufacturing fab in Idaho to serve growing market demand fueled by AI. 

Our announced plan for New York includes construction of a leading-edge DRAM memory manufacturing site, consisting of up to four fabs to be built over the next 20-plus years, in Clay, New York. We continue to work with state and federal authorities for approval to start ground preparation, and anticipate production to ramp after the completion of the second Idaho fab. We expect these new fabs to be key to meeting our requirements for additional wafer capacity, in line with industry demand trends and our objective of maintaining stable bit share.

On December 9, 2024, we entered into direct funding agreements with the U.S. Department of Commerce for up to $6.1 billion in direct funding pursuant to the CHIPS Act for a planned fab in Boise, Idaho, and two planned fabs in Clay, New York. On June 11, 2025, we entered into amendments to the direct funding agreements to add a second planned fab in Boise, Idaho, and allocate certain award funding from the $6.1 billion grants previously awarded to the second planned Idaho fab. The direct funding for up to $6.1 billion remains unchanged. On June 11, 2025, we also entered into a direct funding agreement with the U.S. Department of Commerce for up to $275 million in direct funding to expand and modernize our fab in Manassas, Virginia. The grants under the funding agreements represent total CHIPS Act grants of up to $6.4 billion in connection with our U.S. manufacturing expansion and modernization projects. In addition, we announced plans to bring advanced HBM packaging capabilities to the U.S.

 56

Table of Contents

In addition to the CHIPS Act direct funding, we receive a 35% investment tax credit on qualified investments in U.S. semiconductor manufacturing under the CHIPS Act. We have also signed a non-binding term sheet with the State of New York that provides for up to $5.5 billion in funding for the planned four-fab facility over the next 20-plus years through a combination of tax credits for qualified capital investments and incentives for eligible new job wages.

Outside the U.S., we are investing in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D, and advancing our global back-end assembly and test network. These investments support our product portfolio and extend our ability to meet global market demand in the future. Planned investments and those underway include the following:

•India: our construction is progressing for the assembly and test facility in Gujarat to address demand in the latter half of this decade;

•Japan: we are modernizing our Hiroshima manufacturing facility to support the production of DRAM using EUV lithography;

•Singapore: we broke ground on an HBM advanced packaging facility to meaningfully expand our total advanced packaging capacity beginning in calendar 2027; and

•Taiwan: we are modernizing our production capacity for DRAM and HBM products to meet rising market demand.

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 20. Government Incentives.

Our Board of Directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock through open-market purchases, block trades, privately-negotiated transactions, derivative transactions, and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date, does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, and is subject to market conditions, restrictions applicable under our CHIPS Act direct funding agreements, and our ongoing determination of the best use of available cash. Through August 28, 2025, we had repurchased an aggregate of $7.19 billion under the authorization. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 15. Equity, as well as Note 20. Government Incentives.

On September 23, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share, payable in cash on October 21, 2025, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 3, 2025. The declaration and payment of any future cash dividends are at the discretion and subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors’ decisions regarding the amount and payment of dividends will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions, debt service obligations, contractual restrictions, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, funding from government incentives, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.

Cash Flows

For the year ended202520242023

Net cash provided by operating activities$17,525 $8,507 $1,559 

Net cash used for investing activities
(14,087)(8,309)(6,191)

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities(850)(1,842)4,983 

Effect of changes in currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash6 40 (34)

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$2,594 $(1,604)$317 

Operating Activities: Cash provided by operating activities reflects net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation expense, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, inventory write-downs, and asset impairments, and the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

57 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2025 as compared to 2024 was primarily due to higher net income in 2025 adjusted for non-cash items, the effect of changes in receivables and accounts payable and accrued expenses, and a decrease in inventory, partially offset by a decrease in other current liabilities.

The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2024 as compared to 2023 was primarily due to net income in 2024 adjusted for non-cash items, the effect of an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and an increase in other current liabilities largely due to customer prepayments to secure product supply, partially offset by an increase in receivables. 

Investing Activities: For 2025, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $15.86 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment and $192 million of net outflows from purchases, maturities, and sales of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by $2.01 billion of proceeds from government incentives to offset capital expenditures.

For 2024, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $8.39 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, and $205 million of net outflows from purchases, maturities, and sales of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by $315 million of proceeds from government incentives to offset capital expenditures.

For 2023, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $7.68 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, partially offset by $710 million of proceeds from government incentives to offset capital expenditures, and $868 million of net inflows from maturities, sales, and purchases of available-for-sale securities.

Financing Activities: For 2025, net cash used for financing activities consisted primarily of $4.62 billion of repayments of debt, which included the prepayment of the 2026 Notes, 2026 Term Loan A, 2027 Notes, 2027 Term Loan A, and a portion of the 2029 Term Loan A borrowings; and $522 million for payments of dividends to shareholders; partially offset by approximately $4.43 billion of proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Term Loan A, 2032 Notes, 2035 A Notes, and 2035 B Notes. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12. Debt.

For 2024, net cash used for financing activities consisted primarily of $1.90 billion of repayments of debt, which included the prepayment of the 2024 Term Loan A and the 2025 Term Loan A borrowings, $513 million for payments of dividends to shareholders, $300 million for the acquisition of 3.2 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization, and $149 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts, partially offset by approximately $1.00 billion of proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Notes.

For 2023, net cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of $3.20 billion of proceeds from our 2025, 2026, and 2027 Term Loan A borrowings, $1.27 billion from the issuance of the 2029 B Notes, $896 million from the issuance of the 2033 B Notes, $749 million from the issuance of the 2033 A Notes, and $599 million from the issuance of the 2028 Notes. Cash used for financing activities included $761 million for repayments of debt, $504 million for payments of dividends to shareholders, $425 million for the acquisition of 8.6 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization, and $138 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. Estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates and judgments may vary under different assumptions or conditions and involve a significant level of uncertainty. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.

 58

Table of Contents

Contingencies: We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of potential losses. An accrual is made when a potential loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. When accounting for the resolution of contingencies, significant judgment may be necessary to determine whether losses pertain to previous, current, or future periods impacting the recognition timing to results of operations.

Goodwill: We test goodwill for impairment in our fourth quarter each year, or more frequently if indicators of an impairment exist, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit with goodwill is less than its carrying value. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired, and we are not required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Qualitative factors considered in this assessment include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the fair value of the reporting unit. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is below the carrying value, goodwill is tested for impairment by determining the fair value of each reporting unit and comparing it to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss up to the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value. We recognized a charge of $101 million in 2023 to impair all of the goodwill assigned to our former Storage Business Unit reporting unit based on our quantitative assessment for impairment. As a result of reorganizing our segments in the fourth quarter of 2025, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each of our reporting units immediately before and after our business unit reorganization. We concluded based on both our pre- and post-reorganization impairment tests that goodwill was not impaired. 

Determining when to test for impairment, the reporting units, the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, and the fair value of the reporting unit requires significant judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, forecasted manufacturing costs, and other expenses and are developed as part of our long-range planning process. The same estimates are used in business planning, forecasting, and capital budgeting as part of our long-term manufacturing capacity analysis. These estimates and assumptions are used to calculate projected future cash flows for the reporting unit, which are discounted using a risk-adjusted rate to estimate a fair value. The discount rate requires determination of appropriate market comparables. We base fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates. We assess the reasonableness of our methodology, forecasts, and assumptions by comparing the aggregate calculated fair value of our reporting units to our market capitalization.

Government incentives: We receive incentives from governmental entities related to capital expenditures, expenses, and other activities. The government incentives we receive may require that we meet or maintain specified spending levels and other operational metrics and may be subject to reimbursement if such conditions are not met or maintained. Failure to comply with these terms and conditions could result in termination of incentive programs or clawbacks of incentive amounts received. 

Government incentives are recognized in the financial statements based on the underlying principal criteria for earning the incentives when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions of the government incentives are met and the incentive will be received. Incentives related to the acquisition or construction of property, plant and equipment are recognized as a reduction in the carrying amounts of the related assets and as a reduction of subsequent depreciation expense over the useful lives of the assets. Incentives related to specific operating activities are offset against the related expense in the period the expense is incurred. For each project, we estimate the total expected project costs and recognize a proportionate benefit as qualified project costs are incurred. As the estimated total expected qualified project cost changes, we adjust our estimate of the recognized proportionate benefit.

59 | 2025 10-K

Table of Contents

Income taxes: We are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world. These estimates involve significant judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex. Resolution of income tax treatments in individual jurisdictions may not be known for many years after completion of the applicable year. We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires an assessment of our performance and other relevant factors. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income. Our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in Japan, Malaysia, the United States, and other jurisdictions. Such forecasts are inherently difficult and involve significant judgments including, among others, projecting future average selling prices and sales volumes, manufacturing and overhead costs, levels of capital spending, and other factors that significantly impact our analyses of the amount of net deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized.

Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined on a first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) basis. Cost includes depreciation, labor, material, and overhead costs, including product and process technology costs. Determining net realizable value of finished goods and work in process inventories involves significant judgments, including projecting future average selling prices, future sales volumes, and future cost per part. To project average selling prices and sales volumes, we review recent sales volumes, existing customer orders, current contract prices, industry analyses of supply and demand, and general economic trends. To project cost per part, we review trends and historical results and consider known changes in our cost structure as applicable. Actual selling prices may vary significantly from projected prices due to the volatile nature of the semiconductor memory and storage markets. When these analyses reflect estimated net realizable values below our manufacturing costs, we record a charge to cost of goods sold in advance of when inventories are actually sold. As a result, the timing of when product costs are charged to costs of goods sold can vary significantly. Differences in future average selling prices used in calculating lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments can result in significant changes in the estimated net realizable value of finished goods and work in process inventories and accordingly the amount of write-down recorded. For example, a 5% decrease in future average selling prices would have changed the estimated net realizable value of our finished goods and work in process inventories by approximately $750 million as of August 28, 2025.

U.S. GAAP provides for products to be grouped into categories in order to compare costs to net realizable values. The amount of any inventory write-down can vary significantly depending on the determination of inventory categories. We review the major characteristics of product type and markets in determining the unit of account for which we perform the lower of cost or net realizable value analysis and categorize all inventories (including DRAM, NAND, and other memory) as a single group.

Property, plant, and equipment: We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. We also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. The estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment by us, including, but not limited to, future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products, and future production and sales volumes. 

Revenue recognition: Revenue is primarily recognized at a point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. Contracts with our customers are generally short-term in duration at fixed, negotiated prices with payment generally due shortly after delivery. We estimate a liability for returns using the expected value method based on historical returns. In addition, we generally offer price protection to our distributors, which is a form of variable consideration that decreases the transaction price. We use the expected value method, based on historical price adjustments and current pricing trends, to estimate the amount of revenue recognized from sales to distributors. Differences between the estimated and actual amounts are recognized as adjustments to revenue.

 60

Table of Contents

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3. Recently Issued Accounting Standards.
